### Defence Modules


### Electromagnetic Deflector Type-1  - null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_1_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -10
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 9 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.02 energy = 0.07 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_scout science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer xcv330 military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_2_A"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 220  }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}
### Electromagnetic Deflector Type-2  - null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_1_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -10
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 12 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.03 energy = 0.1 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead bajoran_lightship miradorn_raider shuttle fed_shuttle_shuttlepod fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius kdf_shuttle_kivra rom_shuttle_tajen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_2_B"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 290  }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}
### Electromagnetic Deflector Type-3  - null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_1_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -15
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 15 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.03 energy = 0.12 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_emette kdf_bop_borghel kdf_bop_blasrika kdf_strike_ship_grethor borg_probe corvette attack_ship ion_cannon borg_unimatrix_defense_small   fed_scout_freedom fed_scout_malachowski fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_frigate_discovery fed_attack_wing_nx_beta fed_scout_akyazi }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_2_C"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 380  }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}
### Electromagnetic Deflector Type-4  - null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_1_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -20
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 20 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.04 energy = 0.16 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_carrier_sarajevo fed_carrier_minuteman fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_qoj rom_bop_rea rom_hero_ship_mimicus borg_scout yridian_destroyer klingon_houses_raptor_somraw klingon_houses_raptor_qoj undine_01_bio_frigate }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_2_D"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 510  }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}
### Electromagnetic Deflector Type-5  - null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_1_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -25
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 27 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.06 energy = 0.22 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_light_cruiser_intrepid_type fed_explorer_nx fed_mmv_poseidon fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_raptor_somraw kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_stanet saber destroyer fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_heavy_cruiser_yorktown fed_frigate_galen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_2_E"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 680  }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}
### Electromagnetic Deflector Type-6  - null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_1_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -35
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 36 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.08 energy = 0.29 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_bonaventure fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_explorer_hoover kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_jev kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_jorek rom_interceptor_tvaro rom_interceptor_arrenhe strike ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant fed_carrier_engle }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_2_F"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 910  }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}
### Electromagnetic Deflector Type-7  - null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_1_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -45
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 48 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.1 energy = 0.38 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_bop_arhael rom_interceptor_tliss rom_warbird_tellus promellian_battlecruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_2_G"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 1200  }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}
### Electromagnetic Deflector Type-8  - null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_1_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -65
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 64 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.13 energy = 0.51 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_stasek rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner battleship amarie_cruiser la_sirena klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_2_H"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 1600  }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}
### Electromagnetic Deflector Type-9  - null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_1_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -85
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 85 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.17 energy = 0.68 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_hero_ship_constitution fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser cruiser military_station_small fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_2_I"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 2200  }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}
### Electromagnetic Deflector Type-10  - null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_1_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -110
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 113 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.23 energy = 0.9 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_mmv_sagan fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_valkis borg_pyramid military_station_medium fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha undine_01_bio_destroyer fed_carrier_ptolomy fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_2_J"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 2900  }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}
### Electromagnetic Deflector Type-12  - null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_1_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -150
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 150 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.3 energy = 1.2 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_starbird_kaskara rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  borg_sphere undine_01_bio_ship fallen_interdictor fallen_attack assault_cruiser titan military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station fed_exploration_cruiser_federation undine_01_bio_cruiser fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_2_K"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 3800  }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}
### Electromagnetic Deflector Type-14  - null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_1_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -200
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 200 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.4 energy = 1.6 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex borg_diamond adv_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian undine_01_bio_raider fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_2_L"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 5100  }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}
### Electromagnetic Deflector Type-16  - null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_1_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -265
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 266 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.54 energy = 2.13 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak borg_cube fallen_assault super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey undine_01_bio_battleship undine_01_bio_infester cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_2_M"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 6800  }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}
### Electromagnetic Deflector Type-18  - null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_1_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -355
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 355 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.71 energy = 2.84 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike borg_tactical undine_01_bio_behemoth fallen_flagship xindi_weapon fed_ent_naval_museum fed_ent_fleet_museum starbase_starport starbase_starhold starbase_starfortress starbase_citadel starbase_castle starbase_terran_vanguard_01 jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one fed_dreadnought_vengeance undine_01_bio_warship xindi_planet_killer_degra future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_2_N"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 9100  }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}
### Electromagnetic Deflector Type-20  - null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_1_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -470
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 473 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.95 energy = 3.78 }
   }
   size_restriction = { super_cube man_war colossus undine_01_bio_vanquisher time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar deep_space_starbase research_starbase nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_2_O"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 12100  }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}

### Polarised Hull Plating Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_2_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -10
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 12 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.03 energy = 0.1 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer xcv330 military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_3_A"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 290 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 0.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_polarized_603" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 10
   }
}
### Polarised Hull Plating Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_2_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -15
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 16 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.04 energy = 0.13 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead bajoran_lightship miradorn_raider shuttle fed_shuttle_shuttlepod fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius kdf_shuttle_kivra rom_shuttle_tajen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_3_B"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 380 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 0.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_polarized_603" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 10
   }
}
### Polarised Hull Plating Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_2_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -20
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 21 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.05 energy = 0.17 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_emette kdf_bop_borghel kdf_bop_blasrika kdf_strike_ship_grethor corvette attack_ship ion_cannon   fed_scout_freedom fed_scout_malachowski fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_frigate_discovery fed_attack_wing_nx_beta fed_scout_akyazi }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_3_C"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 510 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 0.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_polarized_603" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 10
   }
}
### Polarised Hull Plating Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_2_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -30
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 28 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.06 energy = 0.23 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_carrier_sarajevo fed_carrier_minuteman fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_qoj rom_bop_rea rom_hero_ship_mimicus yridian_destroyer klingon_houses_raptor_somraw klingon_houses_raptor_qoj }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_3_D"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 680 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 0.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_polarized_603" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 10
   }
}
### Polarised Hull Plating Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_2_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -35
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 38 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.08 energy = 0.3 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_light_cruiser_intrepid_type fed_explorer_nx fed_mmv_poseidon fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_raptor_somraw kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_stanet saber destroyer fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_heavy_cruiser_yorktown fed_frigate_galen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_3_E"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 910 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 0.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_polarized_603" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 10
   }
}
### Polarised Hull Plating Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_2_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -50
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 50 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.1 energy = 0.4 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_bonaventure fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_explorer_hoover kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_jev kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_jorek rom_interceptor_tvaro rom_interceptor_arrenhe strike ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant fed_carrier_engle }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_3_F"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 1200 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 0.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_polarized_603" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 10
   }
}
### Polarised Hull Plating Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_2_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -65
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 67 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.14 energy = 0.54 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_bop_arhael rom_interceptor_tliss rom_warbird_tellus promellian_battlecruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_3_G"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 1600 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 0.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_polarized_603" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 10
   }
}
### Polarised Hull Plating Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_2_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -90
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 89 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.18 energy = 0.71 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_stasek rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner battleship amarie_cruiser la_sirena klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_3_H"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 2100 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 1.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_polarized_603" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 10
   }
}
### Polarised Hull Plating Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_2_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -120
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 118 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.24 energy = 0.95 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_hero_ship_constitution fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser cruiser military_station_small fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_3_I"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 2900 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 1.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_polarized_603" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 10
   }
}
### Polarised Hull Plating Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_2_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -155
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 158 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.32 energy = 1.26 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_mmv_sagan fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_valkis military_station_medium fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_ptolomy fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_3_J"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 3800 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 2.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_polarized_603" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 10
   }
}
### Polarised Hull Plating Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_2_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -210
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 210 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.42 energy = 1.68 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_starbird_kaskara rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  fallen_interdictor fallen_attack assault_cruiser titan military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station fed_exploration_cruiser_federation fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_3_K"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 5100 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 2.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_polarized_603" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 10
   }
}
### Polarised Hull Plating Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_2_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -280
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 280 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.56 energy = 2.24 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex adv_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_3_L"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 6800 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 3.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_polarized_603" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 10
   }
}
### Polarised Hull Plating Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_2_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -370
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 372 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.75 energy = 2.98 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_3_M"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 9000 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 5.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_polarized_603" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 10
   }
}
### Polarised Hull Plating Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_2_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -495
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 496 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1 energy = 3.97 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship xindi_weapon fed_ent_naval_museum fed_ent_fleet_museum starbase_starport starbase_starhold starbase_starfortress starbase_citadel starbase_castle starbase_terran_vanguard_01 jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one fed_dreadnought_vengeance xindi_planet_killer_degra future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_3_N"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 12000 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 6.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_polarized_603" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 10
   }
}
### Polarised Hull Plating Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_2_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -660
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 661 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.33 energy = 5.29 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war colossus time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar deep_space_starbase research_starbase  nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_3_O"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 16100 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_polarized_603" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 10
   }
}

### Polarised Hull Plating Relay Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_3_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -20
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 1 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.01 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer xcv330 military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_4_A"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 400 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 0.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_improved_604" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Polarised Hull Plating Relay Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_3_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -25
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 1 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.01 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead bajoran_lightship miradorn_raider shuttle fed_shuttle_shuttlepod fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius kdf_shuttle_kivra rom_shuttle_tajen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_4_B"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 530 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 0.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_improved_604" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Polarised Hull Plating Relay Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_3_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -30
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 1 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.01 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_emette kdf_bop_borghel kdf_bop_blasrika kdf_strike_ship_grethor corvette attack_ship ion_cannon   fed_scout_freedom fed_scout_malachowski fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_frigate_discovery fed_attack_wing_nx_beta fed_scout_akyazi }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_4_C"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 700 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_improved_604" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Polarised Hull Plating Relay Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_3_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -45
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 2 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.01 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_carrier_sarajevo fed_carrier_minuteman fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_qoj rom_bop_rea rom_hero_ship_mimicus yridian_destroyer klingon_houses_raptor_somraw klingon_houses_raptor_qoj }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_4_D"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 940 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 1.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_improved_604" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Polarised Hull Plating Relay Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_3_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -55
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 2 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.01 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_light_cruiser_intrepid_type fed_explorer_nx fed_mmv_poseidon fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_somraw kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_stanet saber destroyer fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_heavy_cruiser_yorktown fed_frigate_galen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_4_E"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 1200 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 1.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_improved_604" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Polarised Hull Plating Relay Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_3_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -75
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 2 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.01 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_bonaventure fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_explorer_hoover kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_jev kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_jorek rom_interceptor_tvaro rom_interceptor_arrenhe strike ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant fed_carrier_engle }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_4_F"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 1700 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 2.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_improved_604" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Polarised Hull Plating Relay Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_3_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -100
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 3 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.02 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_bop_arhael rom_interceptor_tliss rom_warbird_tellus promellian_battlecruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_4_G"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 2200 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 3.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_improved_604" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Polarised Hull Plating Relay Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_3_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -135
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 4 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.02 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_stasek rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner battleship amarie_cruiser la_sirena klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_4_H"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 3000 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 4.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_improved_604" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Polarised Hull Plating Relay Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_3_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -180
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 5 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.02 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_hero_ship_constitution fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser cruiser military_station_small fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_4_I"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 3900 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 5.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_improved_604" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Polarised Hull Plating Relay Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_3_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -240
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 6 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.03 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_mmv_sagan fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_valkis military_station_medium fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_ptolomy fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_4_J"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 5200 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 7.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_improved_604" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Polarised Hull Plating Relay Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_3_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -320
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 8 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.04 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_starbird_kaskara rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  fallen_interdictor fallen_attack assault_cruiser titan military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station fed_exploration_cruiser_federation fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_4_K"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 7000 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 9.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_improved_604" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Polarised Hull Plating Relay Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_3_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -425
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 11 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.05 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex adv_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_4_L"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 9300 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 13.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_improved_604" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Polarised Hull Plating Relay Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_3_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -565
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 15 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.06 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_4_M"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 12400 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 17.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_improved_604" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}

### Polarised Hull Plating Relay Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_3_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -755
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 19 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.08 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship xindi_weapon fed_ent_naval_museum fed_ent_fleet_museum starbase_starport starbase_starhold starbase_starfortress starbase_citadel starbase_castle starbase_terran_vanguard_01 jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one fed_dreadnought_vengeance xindi_planet_killer_degra future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_4_N"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 16600 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 23.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_improved_604" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Polarised Hull Plating Relay Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_3_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1005
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 26 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.11 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war colossus time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar deep_space_starbase research_starbase  nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_4_O"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 22100 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 31.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_improved_604" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}

### Trellium-D Plating Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_4_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -25
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 1 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.01 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_5_A"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 650 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 0.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_22658" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Trellium-D Plating Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_4_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -30
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 1 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.01 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead bajoran_lightship miradorn_raider shuttle fed_shuttle_shuttlepod fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius kdf_shuttle_kivra rom_shuttle_tajen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_5_B"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 860 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 1.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_22658" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Trellium-D Plating Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_4_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -40
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 2 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.01 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_emette kdf_bop_borghel kdf_bop_blasrika kdf_strike_ship_grethor corvette attack_ship ion_cannon   fed_scout_freedom fed_scout_malachowski fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_frigate_discovery fed_attack_wing_nx_beta fed_scout_akyazi }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_5_C"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 1200 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 1.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_22658" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Trellium-D Plating Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_4_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -55
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 2 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.01 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_carrier_sarajevo fed_carrier_minuteman fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_qoj rom_bop_rea rom_hero_ship_mimicus yridian_destroyer klingon_houses_raptor_somraw klingon_houses_raptor_qoj }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_5_D"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 1500 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 1.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_22658" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Trellium-D Plating Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_4_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -75
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 2 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.01 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_light_cruiser_intrepid_type fed_explorer_nx fed_mmv_poseidon fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_raptor_somraw kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_stanet saber fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_heavy_cruiser_yorktown fed_frigate_galen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_5_E"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 2000 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 2.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_22658" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
      modifier = {
         add = 5
         is_tng_era = yes
         years_passed < 1
      }
   }
}
### Trellium-D Plating Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_4_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -100
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 3 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.02 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_bonaventure fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_explorer_hoover kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_jev kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_jorek rom_interceptor_tvaro rom_interceptor_arrenhe strike ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant fed_carrier_engle }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_5_F"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 2700 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 3.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_22658" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Trellium-D Plating Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_4_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -135
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 4 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.02 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_bop_arhael rom_interceptor_tliss rom_warbird_tellus fed_explorer_cheyenne klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_5_G"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 3600 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 4.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_22658" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Trellium-D Plating Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_4_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -175
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 5 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.02 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_stasek rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner amarie_cruiser la_sirena klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_5_H"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 4800 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 5.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_22658" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Trellium-D Plating Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_4_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -235
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 6 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.03 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_hero_ship_constitution fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser military_station_small fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_5_I"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 6500 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 7.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_22658" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Trellium-D Plating Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_4_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -315
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 8 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.04 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_mmv_sagan fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_valkis military_station_medium fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_ptolomy fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_5_J"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 8600 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 10.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_22658" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Trellium-D Plating Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_4_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -420
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 11 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.05 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_starbird_kaskara rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  fallen_interdictor fallen_attack assault_cruiser military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station fed_exploration_cruiser_federation fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_5_K"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 11500 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 13.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_22658" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Trellium-D Plating Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_4_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -560
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 14 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.07 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex adv_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_5_L"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 15300 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 18.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_22658" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Trellium-D Plating Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_4_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -745
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 19 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.09 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_5_M"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 20400 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 24.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_22658" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Trellium-D Plating Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_4_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -990
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 25 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.11 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship xindi_weapon fed_ent_naval_museum fed_ent_fleet_museum starbase_starport starbase_starhold starbase_starfortress starbase_citadel starbase_castle starbase_terran_vanguard_01 jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one fed_dreadnought_vengeance xindi_planet_killer_degra future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_5_N"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 27200 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 32.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_22658" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Trellium-D Plating Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_4_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1320
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 34 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.15 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar deep_space_starbase research_starbase  nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_5_O"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 36300 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 43.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_22658" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}

### Heavy Trellium Plating Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_5_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -30
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 1 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.01 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_6_A"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 810 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 1.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_structural_605" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Heavy Trellium Plating Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_5_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -40
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 2 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.01 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead bajoran_lightship miradorn_raider shuttle fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius kdf_shuttle_kivra rom_shuttle_tajen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_6_B"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 1100 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 1.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_structural_605" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Heavy Trellium Plating Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_5_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -55
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 2 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.01 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette attack_ship ion_cannon fed_scout_malachowski fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_6_C"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 1400 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 1.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_structural_605" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Heavy Trellium Plating Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_5_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -70
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 2 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.01 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_qoj yridian_destroyer klingon_houses_raptor_qoj }
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 1900 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 2.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_structural_605" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Heavy Trellium Plating Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_5_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -95
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 3 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.02 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_stanet saber fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_frigate_galen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_6_E"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 2600 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 3.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_structural_605" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Heavy Trellium Plating Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_5_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -130
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 4 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.02 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_explorer_hoover kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_jev kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_jorek strike ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant fed_carrier_engle }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_6_F"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 3400 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 4.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_structural_605" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Heavy Trellium Plating Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_5_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -170
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 5 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.02 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_bop_arhael rom_interceptor_tliss fed_explorer_cheyenne klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_6_G"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 4500 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_structural_605" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Heavy Trellium Plating Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_5_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -225
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 6 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.03 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_stasek rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner amarie_cruiser la_sirena klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_6_H"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 6100 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_structural_605" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Heavy Trellium Plating Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_5_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -305
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 8 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.04 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_hero_ship_constitution fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser military_station_small fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_6_I"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 8100 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 10.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_structural_605" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Heavy Trellium Plating Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_5_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -405
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 11 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.05 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_mmv_sagan fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_valkis military_station_medium fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_ptolomy fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_6_J"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 10800 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 14.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_structural_605" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Heavy Trellium Plating Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_5_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -540
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 14 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.06 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_starbird_kaskara rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  fallen_interdictor fallen_attack assault_cruiser military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station fed_exploration_cruiser_federation fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_6_K"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 14400 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 19 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_structural_605" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Heavy Trellium Plating Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_5_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -720
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 18 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.08 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex adv_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_6_L"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 19100 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 25.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_structural_605" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Heavy Trellium Plating Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_5_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -955
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 24 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.11 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_6_M"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 25500 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 33.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_structural_605" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Heavy Trellium Plating Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_5_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1275
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 32 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.15 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship xindi_weapon fed_ent_naval_museum fed_ent_fleet_museum starbase_starport starbase_starhold starbase_starfortress starbase_citadel starbase_castle starbase_terran_vanguard_01 jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one fed_dreadnought_vengeance xindi_planet_killer_degra future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_6_N"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 34000 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 44.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_structural_605" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Heavy Trellium Plating Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_5_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1700
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 43 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.19 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar deep_space_starbase research_starbase  nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_6_O"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 45300 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 59.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_structural_605" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}

### Ablative Plating Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_6_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -35
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 1 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.01 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_7_A"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 1000 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 1.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_22662" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Ablative Plating Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_6_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -50
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 2 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.01 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius kdf_shuttle_kivra rom_shuttle_tajen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_7_B"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 1300 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 1.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_22662" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Ablative Plating Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_6_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -65
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 2 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.01 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette attack_ship ion_cannon fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_scorpion fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_7_C"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 1700 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 2.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_22662" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Ablative Plating Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_6_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -115
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 3 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.02 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger kdf_bop_brel saber fed_frigate_california fed_frigate_galen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_7_E"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 3100 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 4.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_22662" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Ablative Plating Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_6_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -155
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 4 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.02 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_saber kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_jev rom_bop_jorek strike ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_7_F"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 4100 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_22662" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Ablative Plating Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_6_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -210
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 6 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.03 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath rom_bop_arhael fed_explorer_cheyenne klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_7_G"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 5500 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_22662" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Ablative Plating Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_6_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -280
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 7 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.04 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tmara steamrunner la_sirena fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_7_H"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 7300 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 10.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_22662" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Ablative Plating Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_6_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -370
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 10 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.05 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion sovereign exploration_cruiser military_station_small fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_7_I"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 9700 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 14.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_22662" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Ablative Plating Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_6_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -495
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 13 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.06 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_mmv_sagan fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_valkis military_station_medium fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_7_J"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 12900 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 18.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_22662" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Ablative Plating Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_6_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -660
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 17 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.08 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_starbird_kaskara rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  fallen_interdictor fallen_attack assault_cruiser military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station fed_exploration_cruiser_federation fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_7_K"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 17200 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 25.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_22662" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Ablative Plating Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_6_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -875
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 22 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.1 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex adv_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_7_L"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 23000 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 33.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_22662" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Ablative Plating Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_6_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1170
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 30 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.13 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_7_M"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 30600 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 44.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_22662" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Ablative Plating Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_6_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1560
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 39 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.18 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship xindi_weapon fed_ent_naval_museum fed_ent_fleet_museum starbase_starport starbase_starhold starbase_starfortress starbase_citadel starbase_castle starbase_terran_vanguard_01 jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one fed_dreadnought_vengeance xindi_planet_killer_degra future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_7_N"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 40800 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 59.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_22662" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Ablative Plating Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_6_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -2075
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 52 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.23 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar deep_space_starbase research_starbase  nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_7_O"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 54400 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 79 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_22662" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}

### Ablative Generator Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_7_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -50
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 2 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.01 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 1300 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_ablative_607" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Ablative Generator Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_7_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -65
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 2 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.01 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius kdf_shuttle_kivra rom_shuttle_tajen }
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 1800 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 2.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_ablative_607" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Ablative Generator Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_7_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -85
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 3 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.02 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette attack_ship ion_cannon fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 2300 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 3.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_ablative_607" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Ablative Generator Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_7_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -155
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 4 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.02 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_challenger kdf_bop_brel saber fed_frigate_california fed_frigate_galen }
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 4200 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 6.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_ablative_607" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Ablative Generator Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_7_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -205
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 6 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.03 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_saber kdf_bop_pagh strike ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant }
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 5500 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 8.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_ablative_607" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Ablative Generator Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_7_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -275
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 7 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.04 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_raider_klalath rom_bop_arhael fed_explorer_cheyenne klingon_houses_raider_klalath }
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 7400 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 10.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_ablative_607" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Ablative Generator Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_7_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -365
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 10 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.05 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort rom_interceptor_tmara steamrunner la_sirena }
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 9800 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 14.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_ablative_607" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Ablative Generator Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_7_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -490
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 13 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.06 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_interceptor_tdair sovereign exploration_cruiser military_station_small fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod }
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 13100 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 19.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_ablative_607" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Ablative Generator Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_7_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -650
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 17 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.08 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_mmv_sagan kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj military_station_medium fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 17500 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 25.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_ablative_607" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Ablative Generator Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_7_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -865
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 22 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.11 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  fallen_interdictor fallen_attack assault_cruiser military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 23300 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 34.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_ablative_607" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Ablative Generator Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_7_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1155
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 29 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.14 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex adv_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 31100 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 45.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_ablative_607" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Ablative Generator Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_7_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1540
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 39 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.19 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur }
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 41400 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 60.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_ablative_607" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Ablative Generator Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_7_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -2055
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 52 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.25 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship xindi_weapon fed_ent_naval_museum fed_ent_fleet_museum starbase_starport starbase_starhold starbase_starfortress starbase_citadel starbase_castle starbase_terran_vanguard_01 jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one xindi_planet_killer_degra future_starbase }
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 55300 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 80.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_ablative_607" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Ablative Generator Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_ARMOR_7_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_armor_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -2740
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_trellium = 69 }
      upkeep = {  sr_trellium = 0.33 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar deep_space_starbase research_starbase  nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard }
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 73700 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 107.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_ablative_607" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}

### Adaptive Deflector Field Type-1  - First borg shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_1_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -20
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 10 sr_crew = 19 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 0.18 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_scout science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer xcv330 military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_2_A"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 490 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 0.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_borg_defense" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Adaptive Deflector Field Type-2  - First borg shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_1_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -25
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 13 sr_crew = 25 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 0.24 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead bajoran_lightship miradorn_raider shuttle fed_shuttle_shuttlepod fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius kdf_shuttle_kivra rom_shuttle_tajen }
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 650 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 1.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_borg_defense" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Adaptive Deflector Field Type-3  - First borg shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_1_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -35
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 17 sr_crew = 33 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 0.32 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_emette kdf_bop_borghel kdf_bop_blasrika kdf_strike_ship_grethor borg_probe corvette attack_ship ion_cannon borg_unimatrix_defense_small fed_scout_freedom fed_scout_malachowski fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_frigate_discovery fed_attack_wing_nx_beta fed_scout_akyazi }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_2_C"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 860 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 1.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_borg_defense" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Adaptive Deflector Field Type-4  - First borg shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_1_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -45
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 22 sr_crew = 44 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 0.43 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_carrier_sarajevo fed_carrier_minuteman fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_qoj rom_bop_rea rom_hero_ship_mimicus borg_scout yridian_destroyer klingon_houses_raptor_somraw klingon_houses_raptor_qoj undine_01_bio_frigate }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_2_D"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 1200 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 1.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_borg_defense" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Adaptive Deflector Field Type-5  - First borg shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_1_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -60
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 30 sr_crew = 59 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 0.57 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_light_cruiser_intrepid_type fed_explorer_nx fed_mmv_poseidon fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_somraw kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_stanet saber destroyer fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_heavy_cruiser_yorktown fed_frigate_galen }
   #upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_2_E"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 1500 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 2.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_borg_defense" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Adaptive Deflector Field Type-6  - First borg shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_1_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -80
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 40 sr_crew = 79 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 0.76 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_bonaventure fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_explorer_hoover kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_jev kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_jorek rom_interceptor_tvaro rom_interceptor_arrenhe strike ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant fed_carrier_engle }
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 2000 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 3.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_borg_defense" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Adaptive Deflector Field Type-7  - First borg shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_1_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -105
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 53 sr_crew = 105 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 1.01 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_bop_arhael rom_interceptor_tliss rom_warbird_tellus promellian_battlecruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach }
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 2700 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 4.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_borg_defense" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Adaptive Deflector Field Type-8  - First borg shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_1_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -140
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 70 sr_crew = 139 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 1.34 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_stasek rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner battleship amarie_cruiser la_sirena klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 3600 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 5.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_borg_defense" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Adaptive Deflector Field Type-9  - First borg shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_1_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -185
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 93 sr_crew = 186 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 1.78 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_hero_ship_constitution fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser cruiser military_station_small fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_2_I"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 4800 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 7.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_borg_defense" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Adaptive Deflector Field Type-10  - First borg shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_1_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -245
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 124 sr_crew = 247 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 2.37 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_mmv_sagan fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_valkis borg_pyramid military_station_medium fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha undine_01_bio_destroyer fed_carrier_ptolomy fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_2_J"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 6500 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 10.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_borg_defense" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Adaptive Deflector Field Type-12  - First borg shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_1_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -330
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 165 sr_crew = 329 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 3.16 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_starbird_kaskara rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  borg_sphere undine_01_bio_ship fallen_interdictor fallen_attack assault_cruiser titan military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station fed_exploration_cruiser_federation undine_01_bio_cruiser fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_2_K"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 8600 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 13.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_borg_defense" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Adaptive Deflector Field Type-14  - First borg shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_1_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -440
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 220 sr_crew = 439 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 4.21 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex borg_diamond adv_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian undine_01_bio_raider fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_2_L"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 11500 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 18.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_borg_defense" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Adaptive Deflector Field Type-16  - First borg shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_1_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -585
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 293 sr_crew = 585 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 5.62 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_cube }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_2_M"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 15300 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 24.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_borg_defense" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Adaptive Deflector Field Type-18  - First borg shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_1_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -780
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 390 sr_crew = 780 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 7.49 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike borg_tactical undine_01_bio_behemoth fallen_flagship xindi_weapon fed_ent_naval_museum fed_ent_fleet_museum starbase_starport starbase_starhold starbase_starfortress starbase_citadel starbase_castle starbase_terran_vanguard_01 jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one fed_dreadnought_vengeance undine_01_bio_warship xindi_planet_killer_degra future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_2_N"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 20400 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 32.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_borg_defense" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Adaptive Deflector Field Type-20  - First borg shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_1_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1040
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 520 sr_crew = 1039 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 9.98 }
   }
   size_restriction = { super_cube man_war colossus undine_01_bio_vanquisher time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar deep_space_starbase research_starbase nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_2_O"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 27200 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 43.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_borg_defense" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}

### Neuro-Electric Force Field Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_2_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -25
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 13 sr_crew = 26 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 0.25 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer xcv330 military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_3_A"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 650 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 1.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_220" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Neuro-Electric Force Field Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_2_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -45
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 23 sr_crew = 45 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 0.44 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_probe ion_cannon borg_unimatrix_defense_small }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_3_C"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 1200 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 1.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_220" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Neuro-Electric Force Field Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_2_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -60
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 30 sr_crew = 60 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 0.58 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_scout }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_3_D"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 1500 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 2.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_220" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Neuro-Electric Force Field Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_2_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -250
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 127 sr_crew = 253 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 2.43 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_station_small }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_3_I"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 6500 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 10.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_220" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Neuro-Electric Force Field Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_2_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -335
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 169 sr_crew = 337 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 3.24 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_pyramid military_station_medium }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_3_J"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 8600 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 13.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_220" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Neuro-Electric Force Field Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_2_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -450
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 225 sr_crew = 449 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 4.31 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_sphere military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_3_K"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 11500 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 18.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_220" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Neuro-Electric Force Field Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_2_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -600
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 299 sr_crew = 598 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 5.75 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_diamond }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_3_L"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 15300 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 24.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_220" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Neuro-Electric Force Field Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_2_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -795
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 399 sr_crew = 798 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 7.66 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_cube }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_3_M"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 20400 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 32.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_220" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Neuro-Electric Force Field Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_2_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1065
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 532 sr_crew = 1063 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 10.21 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_tactical fed_ent_naval_museum fed_ent_fleet_museum starbase_starport starbase_starhold starbase_starfortress starbase_citadel starbase_castle starbase_terran_vanguard_01 jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_3_N"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 27200 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 43.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_220" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Neuro-Electric Force Field Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_2_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1415
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 709 sr_crew = 1417 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 13.6 }
   }
   size_restriction = { super_cube deep_space_starbase research_starbase nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_3_O"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 36300 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 57.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_220" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}

### Multi-Regenerative Force Field Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_3_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -30
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 15 sr_crew = 29 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 0.28 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer xcv330 military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_4_A"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 730 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 1.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_222" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Multi-Regenerative Force Field Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_3_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -50
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 26 sr_crew = 51 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 0.49 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_probe ion_cannon borg_unimatrix_defense_small }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_4_C"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 1300 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 2.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_222" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Multi-Regenerative Force Field Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_3_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -70
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 34 sr_crew = 68 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 0.66 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_scout }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_4_D"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 1700 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 2.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_222" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Multi-Regenerative Force Field Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_3_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -285
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 144 sr_crew = 287 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 2.75 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_station_small }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_4_I"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 7300 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 11.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_222" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Multi-Regenerative Force Field Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_3_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -380
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 191 sr_crew = 382 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 3.67 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_pyramid military_station_medium }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_4_J"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 9700 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 15.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_222" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Multi-Regenerative Force Field Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_3_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -510
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 255 sr_crew = 509 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 4.89 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_sphere military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_4_K"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 12900 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 20.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_222" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Multi-Regenerative Force Field Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_3_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -680
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 339 sr_crew = 678 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 6.51 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_diamond }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_4_L"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 17200 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 27.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_222" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Multi-Regenerative Force Field Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_3_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -905
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 452 sr_crew = 904 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 8.68 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_cube }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_4_M"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 23000 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 36.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_222" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Multi-Regenerative Force Field Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_3_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1205
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 603 sr_crew = 1205 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 11.57 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_tactical fed_ent_naval_museum fed_ent_fleet_museum starbase_starport starbase_starhold starbase_starfortress starbase_citadel starbase_castle starbase_terran_vanguard_01 jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_4_N"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 30600 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 48.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_222" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Multi-Regenerative Force Field Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_3_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1605
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 803 sr_crew = 1606 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 15.42 }
   }
   size_restriction = { super_cube deep_space_starbase research_starbase nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_4_O"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 40800 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 64.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_222" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}

### Dispersion Force Field Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_4_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -30
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 17 sr_crew = 33 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 0.31 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer xcv330 military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_5_A"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 810 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 1.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_224" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 70
   }
}
### Dispersion Force Field Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_4_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -55
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 29 sr_crew = 57 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 0.55 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_probe ion_cannon borg_unimatrix_defense_small }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_5_C"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 1400 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 2.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_224" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 70
   }
}
### Dispersion Force Field Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_4_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -75
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 38 sr_crew = 76 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 0.73 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_scout }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_5_D"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 1900 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 3.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_224" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 70
   }
}
### Dispersion Force Field Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_4_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -320
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 160 sr_crew = 320 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 3.07 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_station_small }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_5_I"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 8100 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 12.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_224" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 70
   }
}
### Dispersion Force Field Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_4_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -425
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 214 sr_crew = 427 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 4.1 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_pyramid military_station_medium }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_5_J"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 10800 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 17.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_224" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 70
   }
}
### Dispersion Force Field Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_4_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -570
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 285 sr_crew = 569 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 5.46 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_sphere military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_5_K"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 14400 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 22.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_224" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 70
   }
}
### Dispersion Force Field Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_4_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -755
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 379 sr_crew = 758 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 7.28 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_diamond }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_5_L"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 19100 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 30.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_224" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 70
   }
}
### Dispersion Force Field Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_4_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1010
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 505 sr_crew = 1010 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 9.7 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_cube }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_5_M"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 25500 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 40.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_224" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 70
   }
}
### Dispersion Force Field Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_4_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1345
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 673 sr_crew = 1346 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 12.93 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_tactical fed_ent_naval_museum fed_ent_fleet_museum starbase_starport starbase_starhold starbase_starfortress starbase_citadel starbase_castle starbase_terran_vanguard_01 jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_5_N"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 34000 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 53.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_224" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 70
   }
}
### Dispersion Force Field Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_4_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1795
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 898 sr_crew = 1795 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 17.23 }
   }
   size_restriction = { super_cube deep_space_starbase research_starbase nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_5_O"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 45300 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 71.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_224" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 70
   }
}

### Triaxilating Force Field Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_5_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -35
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 18 sr_crew = 36 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 0.35 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer xcv330 military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_6_A"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 890 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 1.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_226" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 80
   }
}
### Triaxilating Force Field Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_5_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -65
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 32 sr_crew = 63 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 0.61 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_probe ion_cannon borg_unimatrix_defense_small }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_6_C"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 1600 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 2.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_226" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 80
   }
}
### Triaxilating Force Field Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_5_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -85
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 42 sr_crew = 84 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 0.81 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_scout }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_6_D"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 2100 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 3.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_226" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 80
   }
}
### Triaxilating Force Field Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_5_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -355
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 177 sr_crew = 354 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 3.4 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_station_small }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_6_I"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 8900 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 14.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_226" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 80
   }
}
### Triaxilating Force Field Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_5_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -470
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 236 sr_crew = 472 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 4.53 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_pyramid military_station_medium }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_6_J"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 11800 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 18.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_226" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 80
   }
}
### Triaxilating Force Field Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_5_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -630
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 315 sr_crew = 629 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 6.03 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_sphere military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_6_K"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 15800 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 25.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_226" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 80
   }
}
### Triaxilating Force Field Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_5_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -835
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 419 sr_crew = 838 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 8.04 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_diamond }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_6_L"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 21000 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 33.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_226" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 80
   }
}
### Triaxilating Force Field Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_5_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1115
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 558 sr_crew = 1116 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 10.72 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_cube }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_6_M"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 28100 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 44.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_226" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 80
   }
}
### Triaxilating Force Field Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_5_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1490
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 744 sr_crew = 1488 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 14.29 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_tactical fed_ent_naval_museum fed_ent_fleet_museum starbase_starport starbase_starhold starbase_starfortress starbase_citadel starbase_castle starbase_terran_vanguard_01 jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_6_N"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 37400 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 59.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_226" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 80
   }
}
### Triaxilating Force Field Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_5_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1985
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 992 sr_crew = 1983 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 19.04 }
   }
   size_restriction = { super_cube deep_space_starbase research_starbase nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_6_O"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 49900 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 79 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_226" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 80
   }
}

### Hyper-Triaxilated Force Field Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_6_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -40
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 22 sr_crew = 43 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 0.41 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer xcv330 military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_7_A"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 1100 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 1.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_223" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 90
   }
}
### Hyper-Triaxilated Force Field Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_6_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -75
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 38 sr_crew = 75 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 0.72 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_probe ion_cannon borg_unimatrix_defense_small }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_7_C"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 1900 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_223" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 90
   }
}
### Hyper-Triaxilated Force Field Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_6_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -100
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 50 sr_crew = 100 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 0.96 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_scout }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_7_D"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 2500 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_223" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 90
   }
}
### Hyper-Triaxilated Force Field Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_6_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -420
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 211 sr_crew = 421 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 4.04 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_station_small }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_7_I"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 10500 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 16.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_223" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 90
   }
}
### Hyper-Triaxilated Force Field Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_6_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -560
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 281 sr_crew = 561 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 5.39 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_pyramid military_station_medium }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_7_J"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 14000 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 22.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_223" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 90
   }
}
### Hyper-Triaxilated Force Field Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_6_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -750
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 374 sr_crew = 748 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 7.18 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_sphere military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_7_K"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 18700 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 29.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_223" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 90
   }
}
### Hyper-Triaxilated Force Field Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_6_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -995
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 499 sr_crew = 997 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 9.57 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_diamond }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_7_L"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 24900 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 39.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_223" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 90
   }
}
### Hyper-Triaxilated Force Field Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_6_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1330
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 665 sr_crew = 1329 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 12.76 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_cube }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_7_M"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 33200 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 52.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_223" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 90
   }
}
### Hyper-Triaxilated Force Field Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_6_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1770
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 886 sr_crew = 1771 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 17.01 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_tactical fed_ent_naval_museum fed_ent_fleet_museum starbase_starport starbase_starhold starbase_starfortress starbase_citadel starbase_castle starbase_terran_vanguard_01 jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_7_N"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 44200 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 70 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_223" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 90
   }
}
### Hyper-Triaxilated Force Field Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_6_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -2360
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1181 sr_crew = 2361 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 22.67 }
   }
   size_restriction = { super_cube deep_space_starbase research_starbase nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_7_O"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 58900 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 93.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_223" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 90
   }
}

### Multi-Triaxilated Force Field Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_7_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -50
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 25 sr_crew = 49 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 0.48 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer xcv330 military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_8_A"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 1200 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01305" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Multi-Triaxilated Force Field Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_7_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -85
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 44 sr_crew = 87 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 0.84 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_probe ion_cannon borg_unimatrix_defense_small }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_8_C"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 2200 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 3.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01305" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Multi-Triaxilated Force Field Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_7_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -115
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 58 sr_crew = 116 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 1.12 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_scout }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_8_D"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 2900 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 4.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01305" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Multi-Triaxilated Force Field Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_7_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -490
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 245 sr_crew = 489 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 4.69 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_station_small }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_8_I"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 12100 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 19.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01305" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Multi-Triaxilated Force Field Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_7_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -650
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 326 sr_crew = 651 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 6.25 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_pyramid military_station_medium }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_8_J"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 16200 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 25.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01305" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Multi-Triaxilated Force Field Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_7_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -865
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 434 sr_crew = 868 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 8.33 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_sphere military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_8_K"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 21500 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 34.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01305" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Multi-Triaxilated Force Field Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_7_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1155
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 579 sr_crew = 1157 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 11.1 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_diamond }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_8_L"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 28700 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 45.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01305" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Multi-Triaxilated Force Field Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_7_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1540
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 771 sr_crew = 1542 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 14.8 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_cube }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_8_M"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 38300 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 60.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01305" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Multi-Triaxilated Force Field Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_7_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -2055
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1028 sr_crew = 2055 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 19.73 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_tactical fed_ent_naval_museum fed_ent_fleet_museum starbase_starport starbase_starhold starbase_starfortress starbase_citadel starbase_castle starbase_terran_vanguard_01 jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_8_N"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 51000 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 80.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01305" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Multi-Triaxilated Force Field Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_7_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -2740
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1370 sr_crew = 2739 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 26.29 }
   }
   size_restriction = { super_cube deep_space_starbase research_starbase nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_8_O"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 68000 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 107.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01305" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}

### Neural-Coordinated Triaxilating Field Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_8_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -50
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 27 sr_crew = 53 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 0.51 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer xcv330 military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_9_A"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 1300 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 2.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_228" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 110
   }
}
### Neural-Coordinated Triaxilating Field Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_8_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -95
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 47 sr_crew = 93 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 0.9 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_probe ion_cannon borg_unimatrix_defense_small }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_9_C"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 2300 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 3.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_228" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 110
   }
}
### Neural-Coordinated Triaxilating Field Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_8_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -125
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 62 sr_crew = 124 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 1.2 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_scout }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_9_D"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 3100 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 4.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_228" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 110
   }
}
### Neural-Coordinated Triaxilating Field Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_8_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -520
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 261 sr_crew = 522 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 5.01 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_station_small }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_9_I"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 12900 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 20.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_228" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 110
   }
}
### Neural-Coordinated Triaxilating Field Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_8_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -695
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 348 sr_crew = 696 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 6.68 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_pyramid military_station_medium }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_9_J"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 17200 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 27.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_228" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 110
   }
}
### Neural-Coordinated Triaxilating Field Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_8_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -925
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 464 sr_crew = 928 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 8.91 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_sphere military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_9_K"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 23000 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 36.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_228" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 110
   }
}
### Neural-Coordinated Triaxilating Field Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_8_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1235
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 618 sr_crew = 1236 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 11.87 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_diamond }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_9_L"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 30600 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 48.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_228" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 110
   }
}
### Neural-Coordinated Triaxilating Field Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_8_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1645
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 824 sr_crew = 1648 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 15.82 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_cube }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_9_M"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 40800 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 64.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_228" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 110
   }
}
### Neural-Coordinated Triaxilating Field Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_8_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -2195
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1098 sr_crew = 2196 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 21.09 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_tactical fed_ent_naval_museum fed_ent_fleet_museum starbase_starport starbase_starhold starbase_starfortress starbase_citadel starbase_castle starbase_terran_vanguard_01 jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_9_N"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 54400 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 86.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_228" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 110
   }
}
### Neural-Coordinated Triaxilating Field Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_8_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -2925
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1464 sr_crew = 2928 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 28.11 }
   }
   size_restriction = { super_cube deep_space_starbase research_starbase nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_9_O"
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 72500 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 114.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_228" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 110
   }
}

### Quantum-Triaxilating Field Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_9_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -60
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 31 sr_crew = 61 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 0.64 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer xcv330 military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 1500 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 2.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14007" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 110
   }
}
### Quantum-Triaxilating Field Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_9_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -110
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 54 sr_crew = 108 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 1.13 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_probe ion_cannon borg_unimatrix_defense_small }
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 2600 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 4.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14007" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 110
   }
}
### Quantum-Triaxilating Field Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_9_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -145
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 72 sr_crew = 144 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 1.5 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_scout }
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 3500 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 5.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14007" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 110
   }
}
### Quantum-Triaxilating Field Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_9_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -605
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 303 sr_crew = 606 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 6.31 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_station_small }
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 14500 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 23.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14007" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 110
   }
}
### Quantum-Triaxilating Field Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_9_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -810
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 404 sr_crew = 808 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 8.4 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_pyramid military_station_medium }
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 19400 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 30.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14007" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 110
   }
}
### Quantum-Triaxilating Field Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_9_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1075
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 539 sr_crew = 1077 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 11.2 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_sphere military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station }
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 25800 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 41 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14007" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 110
   }
}
### Quantum-Triaxilating Field Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_9_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1435
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 718 sr_crew = 1436 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 14.93 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_diamond }
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 34400 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 54.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14007" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 110
   }
}
### Quantum-Triaxilating Field Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_9_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1915
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 957 sr_crew = 1914 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 19.9 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_cube }
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 45900 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 72.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14007" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 110
   }
}
### Quantum-Triaxilating Field Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_9_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -2550
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1276 sr_crew = 2551 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 26.53 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_tactical fed_ent_naval_museum fed_ent_fleet_museum starbase_starport starbase_starhold starbase_starfortress starbase_citadel starbase_castle starbase_terran_vanguard_01 jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one future_starbase }
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 61200 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 97 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14007" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 110
   }
}
### Quantum-Triaxilating Field Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BORG_9_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_borg_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -3400
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1700 sr_crew = 3400 }
      upkeep = {  sr_crew = 35.36 }
   }
   size_restriction = { super_cube deep_space_starbase research_starbase nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   modifier = {    ship_armor_add = 81600 ship_armor_regen_add_static = 129.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14007" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 110
   }
}

### Basic Shields Type-1  - Basic shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_1_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -15
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 16 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.04 energy = 0.13 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer xcv330 military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 340 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 0.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_advanced_84" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Basic Shields Type-2  - Basic shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_1_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -20
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 21 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.05 energy = 0.17 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead bajoran_lightship miradorn_raider shuttle fed_shuttle_shuttlepod fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius kdf_shuttle_kivra rom_shuttle_tajen }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 450 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 1.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_advanced_84" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Basic Shields Type-3  - Basic shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_1_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -25
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 27 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.06 energy = 0.22 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_emette kdf_bop_borghel kdf_bop_blasrika kdf_strike_ship_grethor corvette attack_ship ion_cannon   fed_scout_freedom fed_scout_malachowski fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_frigate_discovery fed_attack_wing_nx_beta fed_scout_akyazi }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 600 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 1.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_advanced_84" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Basic Shields Type-4  - Basic shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_1_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -35
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 36 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.08 energy = 0.29 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_carrier_sarajevo fed_carrier_minuteman fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_qoj rom_bop_rea rom_hero_ship_mimicus yridian_destroyer klingon_houses_raptor_somraw klingon_houses_raptor_qoj }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 800 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 1.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_advanced_84" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Basic Shields Type-5  - Basic shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_1_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -50
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 48 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.1 energy = 0.39 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_light_cruiser_intrepid_type fed_explorer_nx fed_mmv_poseidon fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_raptor_somraw kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_stanet saber destroyer fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_heavy_cruiser_yorktown fed_frigate_galen }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 1070 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 2.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_advanced_84" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Basic Shields Type-6  - Basic shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_1_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -65
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 64 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.13 energy = 0.52 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_bonaventure fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_explorer_hoover kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_jev kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_jorek rom_interceptor_tvaro rom_interceptor_arrenhe strike ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant fed_carrier_engle }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 1400 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 3.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_advanced_84" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Basic Shields Type-7  - Basic shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_1_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -85
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 86 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.18 energy = 0.69 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_bop_arhael rom_interceptor_tliss rom_warbird_tellus promellian_battlecruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 1900 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 4.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_advanced_84" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Basic Shields Type-8  - Basic shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_1_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -115
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 114 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.23 energy = 0.91 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_stasek rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner battleship amarie_cruiser la_sirena klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 2500 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 5.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_advanced_84" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Basic Shields Type-9  - Basic shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_1_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -150
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 152 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.31 energy = 1.22 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_hero_ship_constitution fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser cruiser military_station_small fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 3400 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 7.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_advanced_84" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Basic Shields Type-10  - Basic shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_1_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -200
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 202 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.41 energy = 1.62 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_mmv_sagan fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_valkis military_station_medium fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_ptolomy fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 4500 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 10.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_advanced_84" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Basic Shields Type-12  - Basic shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_1_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -270
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 270 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.54 energy = 2.16 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_starbird_kaskara rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  fallen_interdictor fallen_attack assault_cruiser titan military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station fed_exploration_cruiser_federation fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 6000 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 13.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_advanced_84" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Basic Shields Type-14  - Basic shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_1_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -360
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 359 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.72 energy = 2.88 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex adv_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 8000 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 18.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_advanced_84" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Basic Shields Type-16  - Basic shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_1_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -480
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 479 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.96 energy = 3.83 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 10600 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 24.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_advanced_84" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Basic Shields Type-18  - Basic shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_1_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -640
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 638 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.28 energy = 5.11 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship xindi_weapon fed_ent_naval_museum fed_ent_fleet_museum starbase_starport starbase_starhold starbase_starfortress starbase_citadel starbase_castle starbase_terran_vanguard_01 jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one fed_dreadnought_vengeance xindi_planet_killer_degra future_starbase }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 14200 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 32.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_advanced_84" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Basic Shields Type-20  - Basic shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_1_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -850
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 850 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.7 energy = 6.8 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war colossus time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar deep_space_starbase research_starbase  nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 18900 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 43.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_advanced_84" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}

### Covariant Shield II Type-1  - First covariant shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_2_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -20
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 22 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.05 energy = 0.18 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_3_A"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 500 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_covariant_101" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Covariant Shield II Type-2  - First covariant shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_2_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -30
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 30 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.06 energy = 0.24 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead bajoran_lightship miradorn_raider shuttle fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius kdf_shuttle_kivra rom_shuttle_tajen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_3_B"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 660 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 1.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_covariant_101" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Covariant Shield II Type-3  - First covariant shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_2_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -40
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 39 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.08 energy = 0.32 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_emette kdf_bop_blasrika corvette attack_ship ion_cannon  fed_scout_malachowski fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_3_C"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 880 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 1.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_covariant_101" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Covariant Shield II Type-4  - First covariant shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_2_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -50
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 52 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.11 energy = 0.42 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_carrier_minuteman fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_qoj rom_bop_rea rom_hero_ship_mimicus yridian_destroyer klingon_houses_raptor_somraw klingon_houses_raptor_qoj }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_3_D"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 1170 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 2.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_covariant_101" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Covariant Shield II Type-5  - First covariant shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_2_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -70
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 70 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.14 energy = 0.56 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_explorer_nx fed_mmv_poseidon fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_somraw kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_stanet saber fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_heavy_cruiser_yorktown fed_frigate_galen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_3_E"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 1600 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 2.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_covariant_101" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Covariant Shield II Type-6  - First covariant shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_2_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -90
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 93 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.19 energy = 0.74 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_bonaventure fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_explorer_hoover kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_jev kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_jorek rom_interceptor_tvaro rom_interceptor_arrenhe strike ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant fed_carrier_engle }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_3_F"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 2100 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 3.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_covariant_101" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Covariant Shield II Type-7  - First covariant shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_2_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -125
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 124 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.25 energy = 0.99 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_bop_arhael rom_interceptor_tliss rom_warbird_tellus fed_explorer_cheyenne klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_3_G"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 2800 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 5.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_covariant_101" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Covariant Shield II Type-8  - First covariant shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_2_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -165
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 165 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.33 energy = 1.32 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_stasek rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner amarie_cruiser la_sirena klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_3_H"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 3700 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 6.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_covariant_101" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Covariant Shield II Type-9  - First covariant shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_2_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -220
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 219 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.44 energy = 1.76 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_hero_ship_constitution fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser military_station_small fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_3_I"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 4900 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 9.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_covariant_101" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Covariant Shield II Type-10  - First covariant shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_2_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -290
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 292 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.59 energy = 2.34 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_mmv_sagan fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_valkis military_station_medium fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_ptolomy fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_3_J"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 6600 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 12.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_covariant_101" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Covariant Shield II Type-12  - First covariant shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_2_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -390
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 389 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.78 energy = 3.12 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_starbird_kaskara rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  fallen_interdictor fallen_attack assault_cruiser military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station fed_exploration_cruiser_federation fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_3_K"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 8800 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 16.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_covariant_101" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Covariant Shield II Type-14  - First covariant shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_2_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -520
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 519 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.04 energy = 4.15 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex adv_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_3_L"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 11700 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 21.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_covariant_101" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Covariant Shield II Type-16  - First covariant shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_2_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -690
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 691 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.39 energy = 5.53 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_3_M"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 15600 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 28.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_covariant_101" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Covariant Shield II Type-18  - First covariant shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_2_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -920
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 921 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.85 energy = 7.37 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship xindi_weapon fed_ent_naval_museum fed_ent_fleet_museum starbase_starport starbase_starhold starbase_starfortress starbase_citadel starbase_castle starbase_terran_vanguard_01 jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one fed_dreadnought_vengeance xindi_planet_killer_degra future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_3_N"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 20800 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 38.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_covariant_101" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Covariant Shield II Type-20  - First covariant shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_2_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1230
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1228 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.46 energy = 9.83 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar deep_space_starbase research_starbase  nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_3_O"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 27700 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 51 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_covariant_101" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}

### Covariant Shield III Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_3_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -25
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 26 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.06 energy = 0.21 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_4_A"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 560 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 1.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_refractive_93" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Covariant Shield III Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_3_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -35
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 34 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.07 energy = 0.28 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead bajoran_lightship miradorn_raider shuttle fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius kdf_shuttle_kivra rom_shuttle_tajen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_4_B"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 740 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 1.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_refractive_93" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Covariant Shield III Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_3_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -45
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 45 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.09 energy = 0.36 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette attack_ship ion_cannon fed_scout_malachowski fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_4_C"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 990 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 1.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_refractive_93" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Covariant Shield III Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_3_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -60
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 60 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.12 energy = 0.48 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_qoj yridian_destroyer klingon_houses_raptor_qoj }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_4_D"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 1300 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 2.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_refractive_93" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Covariant Shield III Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_3_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -80
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 80 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.16 energy = 0.64 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_stanet saber fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_frigate_galen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_4_E"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 1800 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 3.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_refractive_93" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Covariant Shield III Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_3_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -105
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 107 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.22 energy = 0.86 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_explorer_hoover kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_jev kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_jorek strike ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant fed_carrier_engle }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_4_F"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 2300 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 4.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_refractive_93" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Covariant Shield III Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_3_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -140
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 143 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.29 energy = 1.14 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_bop_arhael rom_interceptor_tliss fed_explorer_cheyenne klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_4_G"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 3100 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 5.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_refractive_93" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Covariant Shield III Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_3_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -190
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 190 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.38 energy = 1.52 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_stasek rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner amarie_cruiser la_sirena klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_4_H"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 4200 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 7.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_refractive_93" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Covariant Shield III Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_3_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -250
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 253 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.51 energy = 2.02 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_hero_ship_constitution fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser military_station_small fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_4_I"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 5600 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 10.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_refractive_93" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Covariant Shield III Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_3_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -335
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 337 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.68 energy = 2.7 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_mmv_sagan fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_valkis military_station_medium fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_ptolomy fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_4_J"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 7400 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 13.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_refractive_93" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Covariant Shield III Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_3_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -450
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 449 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.9 energy = 3.59 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_starbird_kaskara rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  fallen_interdictor fallen_attack assault_cruiser military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station fed_exploration_cruiser_federation fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_4_K"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 9900 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 18.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_refractive_93" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Covariant Shield III Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_3_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -600
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 598 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.2 energy = 4.79 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex adv_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_4_L"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 13200 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 24.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_refractive_93" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Covariant Shield III Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_3_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -795
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 798 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.6 energy = 6.38 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_4_M"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 17500 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 32.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_refractive_93" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Covariant Shield III Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_3_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1065
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1063 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.13 energy = 8.51 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship xindi_weapon fed_ent_naval_museum fed_ent_fleet_museum starbase_starport starbase_starhold starbase_starfortress starbase_citadel starbase_castle starbase_terran_vanguard_01 jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one fed_dreadnought_vengeance xindi_planet_killer_degra future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_4_N"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 23400 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 43.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_refractive_93" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Covariant Shield III Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_3_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1415
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1417 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.84 energy = 11.34 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar deep_space_starbase research_starbase  nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_4_O"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 31200 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 57.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_refractive_93" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}

### Covariant Shield IV Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_4_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -30
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 22 sr_topaline = 2 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.12 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_5_A"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 620 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 1.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_205" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Covariant Shield IV Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_4_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -40
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 29 sr_topaline = 2 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.16 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius kdf_shuttle_kivra rom_shuttle_tajen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_5_B"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 830 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 1.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_205" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Covariant Shield IV Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_4_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -50
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 39 sr_topaline = 3 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.21 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette attack_ship ion_cannon fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_5_C"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 1100 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 2.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_205" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Covariant Shield IV Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_4_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -70
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 51 sr_topaline = 4 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.28 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_saladin kdf_raptor_qoj klingon_houses_raptor_qoj }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 1500 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 2.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_205" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Covariant Shield IV Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_4_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -90
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 68 sr_topaline = 5 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.37 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger kdf_bop_brel kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_stanet saber fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_frigate_galen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_5_E"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 2000 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 3.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_205" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Covariant Shield IV Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_4_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -120
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 91 sr_topaline = 7 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.49 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_saber kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_jev kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_jorek strike ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_5_F"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 2600 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 4.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_205" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Covariant Shield IV Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_4_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -160
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 121 sr_topaline = 9 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.65 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_bop_arhael rom_interceptor_tliss fed_explorer_cheyenne klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_5_G"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 3500 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 6.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_205" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Covariant Shield IV Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_4_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -215
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 161 sr_topaline = 11 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.86 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_stasek steamrunner la_sirena klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_5_H"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 4600 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 8.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_205" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Covariant Shield IV Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_4_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -285
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 215 sr_topaline = 15 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.15 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_hero_ship_constitution fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser military_station_small fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_5_I"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 6200 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 11.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_205" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Covariant Shield IV Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_4_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -380
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 287 sr_topaline = 20 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.53 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_mmv_sagan fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_valkis military_station_medium fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_ptolomy fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_5_J"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 8200 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 15.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_205" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Covariant Shield IV Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_4_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -510
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 382 sr_topaline = 26 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.04 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_starbird_kaskara rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  fallen_interdictor fallen_attack assault_cruiser military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station fed_exploration_cruiser_federation fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_5_K"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 11000 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 20.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_205" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Covariant Shield IV Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_4_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -680
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 509 sr_topaline = 34 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.72 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex adv_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_5_L"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 14600 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 26.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_205" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Covariant Shield IV Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_4_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -905
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 678 sr_topaline = 46 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.62 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_5_M"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 19500 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 35.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_205" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Covariant Shield IV Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_4_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1205
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 904 sr_topaline = 61 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 4.82 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship xindi_weapon fed_ent_naval_museum fed_ent_fleet_museum starbase_starport starbase_starhold starbase_starfortress starbase_citadel starbase_castle starbase_terran_vanguard_01 jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one fed_dreadnought_vengeance xindi_planet_killer_degra future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_5_N"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 26000 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 47.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_205" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Covariant Shield IV Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_4_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1605
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1204 sr_topaline = 81 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 6.43 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar deep_space_starbase research_starbase  nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_5_O"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 34600 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 63.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_205" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}

### Covariant Shield V Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_5_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -30
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 17 sr_topaline = 4 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.13 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_6_A"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 680 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 1.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_radial_103" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Covariant Shield V Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_5_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -45
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 22 sr_topaline = 5 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.18 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius kdf_shuttle_kivra rom_shuttle_tajen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_6_B"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 910 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 1.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_radial_103" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Covariant Shield V Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_5_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -55
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 29 sr_topaline = 6 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.23 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette attack_ship ion_cannon fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_scorpion fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_6_C"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 1200 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 2.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_radial_103" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Covariant Shield V Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_5_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -100
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 51 sr_topaline = 11 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.41 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger kdf_bop_brel saber fed_frigate_california fed_frigate_galen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_6_E"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 2200 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_radial_103" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Covariant Shield V Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_5_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -135
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 68 sr_topaline = 14 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.55 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_saber kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_jev rom_bop_jorek strike ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_6_F"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 2900 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 5.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_radial_103" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Covariant Shield V Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_5_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -180
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 90 sr_topaline = 18 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.72 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath rom_bop_arhael fed_explorer_cheyenne klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_6_G"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 3800 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 7.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_radial_103" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Covariant Shield V Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_5_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -240
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 120 sr_topaline = 24 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.96 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tmara steamrunner la_sirena fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_6_H"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 5100 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 9.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_radial_103" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Covariant Shield V Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_5_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -320
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 160 sr_topaline = 32 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.28 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion sovereign exploration_cruiser military_station_small fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_6_I"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 6800 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 12.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_radial_103" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Covariant Shield V Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_5_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -425
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 214 sr_topaline = 43 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.71 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_mmv_sagan fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_valkis military_station_medium fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_6_J"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 9000 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 16.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_radial_103" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Covariant Shield V Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_5_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -570
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 285 sr_topaline = 57 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.28 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_starbird_kaskara rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  fallen_interdictor fallen_attack assault_cruiser military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station fed_exploration_cruiser_federation fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_6_K"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 12100 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 22.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_radial_103" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Covariant Shield V Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_5_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -755
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 379 sr_topaline = 76 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.03 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex adv_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_6_L"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 16100 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 29.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_radial_103" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Covariant Shield V Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_5_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1010
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 505 sr_topaline = 101 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 4.04 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_6_M"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 21400 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 39.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_radial_103" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Covariant Shield V Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_5_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1345
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 673 sr_topaline = 135 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 5.39 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship xindi_weapon fed_ent_naval_museum fed_ent_fleet_museum starbase_starport starbase_starhold starbase_starfortress starbase_citadel starbase_castle starbase_terran_vanguard_01 jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one fed_dreadnought_vengeance xindi_planet_killer_degra future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_6_N"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 28600 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 52.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_radial_103" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Covariant Shield V Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_5_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1795
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 898 sr_topaline = 180 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 7.18 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar deep_space_starbase research_starbase  nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_6_O"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 38100 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 70.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_radial_103" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}

### Covariant Shield VI Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_6_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -35
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 15 sr_topaline = 5 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.15 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_7_A"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 740 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 1.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_interphased_105" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Covariant Shield VI Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_6_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -45
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 19 sr_topaline = 6 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.19 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius kdf_shuttle_kivra rom_shuttle_tajen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_7_B"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 990 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 1.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_interphased_105" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Covariant Shield VI Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_6_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -65
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 26 sr_topaline = 8 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.26 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette attack_ship ion_cannon fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_scorpion fed_scout_freedom_tng }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_7_C"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 1300 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 2.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_interphased_105" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Covariant Shield VI Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_6_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -110
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 45 sr_topaline = 14 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.45 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_challenger kdf_bop_brel saber fed_frigate_california fed_frigate_galen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_7_E"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 2300 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 4.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_interphased_105" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Covariant Shield VI Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_6_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -150
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 60 sr_topaline = 18 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.6 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_saber kdf_bop_pagh rom_bop_jorek strike ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_7_F"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 3100 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 5.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_interphased_105" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Covariant Shield VI Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_6_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -200
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 80 sr_topaline = 24 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.8 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_raider_klalath rom_bop_arhael fed_explorer_cheyenne klingon_houses_raider_klalath }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_7_G"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 4200 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 7.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_interphased_105" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Covariant Shield VI Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_6_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -265
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 107 sr_topaline = 32 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.07 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tmara steamrunner la_sirena }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_7_H"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 5600 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 10.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_interphased_105" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Covariant Shield VI Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_6_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -355
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 142 sr_topaline = 43 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.42 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_interceptor_tdair sovereign exploration_cruiser military_station_small fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_7_I"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 7400 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 13.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_interphased_105" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Covariant Shield VI Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_6_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -470
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 189 sr_topaline = 57 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.89 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_mmv_sagan kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_valkis military_station_medium fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_7_J"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 9900 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 18.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_interphased_105" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Covariant Shield VI Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_6_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -630
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 252 sr_topaline = 76 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.52 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  fallen_interdictor fallen_attack assault_cruiser military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_7_K"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 13200 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 24.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_interphased_105" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Covariant Shield VI Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_6_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -835
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 335 sr_topaline = 101 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.35 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex adv_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_7_L"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 17500 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 32.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_interphased_105" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Covariant Shield VI Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_6_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1115
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 447 sr_topaline = 134 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 4.47 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_7_M"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 23400 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 43.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_interphased_105" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Covariant Shield VI Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_6_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1490
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 596 sr_topaline = 179 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 5.96 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship xindi_weapon fed_ent_naval_museum fed_ent_fleet_museum starbase_starport starbase_starhold starbase_starfortress starbase_citadel starbase_castle starbase_terran_vanguard_01 jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one fed_dreadnought_vengeance xindi_planet_killer_degra future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_7_N"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 31200 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 57.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_interphased_105" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Covariant Shield VI Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_6_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1985
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 794 sr_topaline = 238 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 7.94 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar deep_space_starbase research_starbase  nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_7_O"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 41500 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 76.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_interphased_105" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}

### Chromodynamic Covariant Mk. VIII Shields Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_7_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -40
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 12 sr_topaline = 6 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.16 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_8_A"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 800 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 1.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_208" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Chromodynamic Covariant Mk. VIII Shields Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_7_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -50
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 16 sr_topaline = 8 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.21 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius kdf_shuttle_kivra rom_shuttle_tajen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_8_B"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 1070 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_208" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Chromodynamic Covariant Mk. VIII Shields Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_7_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -70
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 21 sr_topaline = 10 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.28 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette attack_ship ion_cannon fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_8_C"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 1400 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 2.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_208" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Chromodynamic Covariant Mk. VIII Shields Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_7_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -125
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 37 sr_topaline = 18 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.5 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_challenger kdf_bop_brel saber fed_frigate_california fed_frigate_galen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_8_E"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 2500 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 4.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_208" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Chromodynamic Covariant Mk. VIII Shields Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_7_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -165
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 50 sr_topaline = 23 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.66 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_saber kdf_bop_pagh strike ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_8_F"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 3400 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 6.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_208" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Chromodynamic Covariant Mk. VIII Shields Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_7_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -220
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 66 sr_topaline = 31 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.88 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_raider_klalath rom_bop_arhael fed_explorer_cheyenne klingon_houses_raider_klalath }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_8_G"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 4500 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 8.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_208" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Chromodynamic Covariant Mk. VIII Shields Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_7_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -290
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 88 sr_topaline = 41 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.17 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort rom_interceptor_tmara steamrunner la_sirena }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_8_H"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 6000 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 11.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_208" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Chromodynamic Covariant Mk. VIII Shields Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_7_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -385
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 117 sr_topaline = 55 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.55 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_interceptor_tdair sovereign exploration_cruiser military_station_small fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_8_I"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 8000 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 14.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_208" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Chromodynamic Covariant Mk. VIII Shields Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_7_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -515
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 155 sr_topaline = 73 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.07 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_mmv_sagan kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj military_station_medium fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_8_J"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 10700 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 19.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_208" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Chromodynamic Covariant Mk. VIII Shields Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_7_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -690
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 207 sr_topaline = 97 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.76 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  fallen_interdictor fallen_attack assault_cruiser military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_8_K"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 14300 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 26.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_208" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Chromodynamic Covariant Mk. VIII Shields Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_7_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -915
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 276 sr_topaline = 129 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.67 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex adv_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_8_L"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 19000 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 35 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_208" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Chromodynamic Covariant Mk. VIII Shields Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_7_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1220
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 367 sr_topaline = 172 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 4.89 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_8_M"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 25300 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 46.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_208" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Chromodynamic Covariant Mk. VIII Shields Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_7_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1630
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 489 sr_topaline = 229 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 6.52 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship xindi_weapon fed_ent_naval_museum fed_ent_fleet_museum starbase_starport starbase_starhold starbase_starfortress starbase_citadel starbase_castle starbase_terran_vanguard_01 jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one xindi_planet_killer_degra future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_8_N"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 33800 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 62.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_208" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Chromodynamic Covariant Mk. VIII Shields Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_7_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -2170
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 652 sr_topaline = 305 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 8.69 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar deep_space_starbase research_starbase  nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_8_O"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 45000 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 82.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_208" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}

### Chromodynamic Covariant Mk. VII Shields Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_8_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -40
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 13 sr_topaline = 6 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.17 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 military_defense_fed_4 science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 military_defense_fed_4 }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 870 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 1.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14006" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Chromodynamic Covariant Mk. VII Shields Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_8_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -55
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 17 sr_topaline = 8 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.23 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius kdf_shuttle_kivra }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_9_B"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 1160 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 2.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14006" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Chromodynamic Covariant Mk. VII Shields Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_8_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -75
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 23 sr_topaline = 11 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.3 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette attack_ship ion_cannon fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_9_C"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 1500 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 2.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14006" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Chromodynamic Covariant Mk. VII Shields Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_8_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -135
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 40 sr_topaline = 19 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.54 }
   }
   size_restriction = { saber fed_frigate_california fed_frigate_galen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_9_E"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 2700 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 5.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14006" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Chromodynamic Covariant Mk. VII Shields Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_8_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -180
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 54 sr_topaline = 25 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.72 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_saber kdf_bop_pagh strike ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_9_F"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 3600 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 6.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14006" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Chromodynamic Covariant Mk. VII Shields Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_8_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -235
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 72 sr_topaline = 34 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.95 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway rom_bop_arhael }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 4900 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14006" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Chromodynamic Covariant Mk. VII Shields Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_8_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -315
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 95 sr_topaline = 45 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.27 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort steamrunner la_sirena }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_9_H"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 6500 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 12 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14006" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Chromodynamic Covariant Mk. VII Shields Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_8_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -420
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 127 sr_topaline = 59 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.69 }
   }
   size_restriction = { rom_interceptor_tdair sovereign exploration_cruiser military_station_small fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_dauntless }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_9_I"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 8600 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 15.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14006" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Chromodynamic Covariant Mk. VII Shields Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_8_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -560
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 169 sr_topaline = 79 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.25 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mmv_akira fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_mmv_sagan kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha military_station_medium  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_9_J"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 11500 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 21.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14006" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Chromodynamic Covariant Mk. VII Shields Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_8_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -750
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 225 sr_topaline = 105 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  fallen_interdictor fallen_attack assault_cruiser military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_9_K"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 15400 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 28.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14006" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Chromodynamic Covariant Mk. VII Shields Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_8_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -995
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 299 sr_topaline = 140 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.99 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex adv_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_9_L"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 20500 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 37.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14006" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Chromodynamic Covariant Mk. VII Shields Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_8_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1330
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 399 sr_topaline = 186 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 5.32 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_9_M"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 27300 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 50.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14006" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Chromodynamic Covariant Mk. VII Shields Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_8_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1770
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 532 sr_topaline = 248 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 7.09 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship xindi_weapon fed_ent_naval_museum fed_ent_fleet_museum starbase_starport starbase_starhold starbase_starfortress starbase_citadel starbase_castle starbase_terran_vanguard_01 jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one xindi_planet_killer_degra future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_9_N"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 36400 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 67 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14006" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Chromodynamic Covariant Mk. VII Shields Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_8_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -2360
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 709 sr_topaline = 331 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 9.45 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar deep_space_starbase research_starbase  nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_9_O"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 48500 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 89.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14006" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}

### Temporal Shields V1a Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_9_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -70
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_time_crystal = 2 }
      upkeep = {  sr_time_crystal = 0.01 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead shuttle fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius kdf_shuttle_kivra }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 1400 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 2.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_temporal_63" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
      modifier = {
         factor = 0.0
         resource_stockpile_compare = { resource = sr_time_crystal value < 50 }
      }
   }
}
### Temporal Shields V1a Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_9_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -95
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_time_crystal = 3 }
      upkeep = {  sr_time_crystal = 0.02 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette attack_ship fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 1800 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 3.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_temporal_63" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
      modifier = {
         factor = 0.0
         resource_stockpile_compare = { resource = sr_time_crystal value < 50 }
      }
   }
}
### Temporal Shields V1a Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_9_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -170
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_time_crystal = 5 }
      upkeep = {  sr_time_crystal = 0.02 }
   }
   size_restriction = { saber fed_frigate_galen }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 3200 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_temporal_63" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
      modifier = {
         factor = 0.0
         resource_stockpile_compare = { resource = sr_time_crystal value < 50 }
      }
   }
}
### Temporal Shields V1a Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_9_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -225
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_time_crystal = 6 }
      upkeep = {  sr_time_crystal = 0.03 }
   }
   size_restriction = { strike }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 4300 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_temporal_63" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
      modifier = {
         factor = 0.0
         resource_stockpile_compare = { resource = sr_time_crystal value < 50 }
      }
   }
}
### Temporal Shields V1a Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_9_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -400
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_time_crystal = 10 }
      upkeep = {  sr_time_crystal = 0.05 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_raptor_mehadraw steamrunner la_sirena }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 7600 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 14.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_temporal_63" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
      modifier = {
         factor = 0.0
         resource_stockpile_compare = { resource = sr_time_crystal value < 50 }
      }
   }
}
### Temporal Shields V1a Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_9_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -535
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_time_crystal = 14 }
      upkeep = {  sr_time_crystal = 0.07 }
   }
   size_restriction = { sovereign exploration_cruiser fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_dauntless }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 10200 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 18.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_temporal_63" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
      modifier = {
         factor = 0.0
         resource_stockpile_compare = { resource = sr_time_crystal value < 50 }
      }
   }
}
### Temporal Shields V1a Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_9_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -710
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_time_crystal = 18 }
      upkeep = {  sr_time_crystal = 0.09 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_mmv_sagan  fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 13600 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 25 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_temporal_63" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
      modifier = {
         factor = 0.0
         resource_stockpile_compare = { resource = sr_time_crystal value < 50 }
      }
   }
}
### Temporal Shields V1a Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_9_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -945
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_time_crystal = 24 }
      upkeep = {  sr_time_crystal = 0.11 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  assault_cruiser fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 18100 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 33.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_temporal_63" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
      modifier = {
         factor = 0.0
         resource_stockpile_compare = { resource = sr_time_crystal value < 50 }
      }
   }
}
### Temporal Shields V1a Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_9_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1260
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_time_crystal = 32 }
      upkeep = {  sr_time_crystal = 0.15 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_vreedex adv_cruiser cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 24100 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 44.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_temporal_63" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
      modifier = {
         factor = 0.0
         resource_stockpile_compare = { resource = sr_time_crystal value < 50 }
      }
   }
}
### Temporal Shields V1a Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_9_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1685
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_time_crystal = 43 }
      upkeep = {  sr_time_crystal = 0.2 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_battleship_dkazanak super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 32100 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 59.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_temporal_63" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
      modifier = {
         factor = 0.0
         resource_stockpile_compare = { resource = sr_time_crystal value < 50 }
      }
   }
}
### Temporal Shields V1a Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_9_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -2245
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_time_crystal = 57 }
      upkeep = {  sr_time_crystal = 0.26 }
   }
   size_restriction = { rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike starbase_starport starbase_starhold starbase_starfortress starbase_citadel starbase_castle starbase_terran_vanguard_01 xindi_planet_killer_degra }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 42900 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 78.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_temporal_63" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
      modifier = {
         factor = 0.0
         resource_stockpile_compare = { resource = sr_time_crystal value < 50 }
      }
   }
}
### Temporal Shields V1a Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_A_9_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_a_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -2990
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  sr_time_crystal = 75 }
      upkeep = {  sr_time_crystal = 0.35 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar deep_space_starbase research_starbase man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 57100 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 105.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_temporal_63" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
      modifier = {
         factor = 0.0
         resource_stockpile_compare = { resource = sr_time_crystal value < 50 }
      }
   }
}

### Regenerative Shield II Type-1  - First regenerative shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_2_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -20
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 22 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.05 energy = 0.18 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_3_A"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 410 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 1.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_regenerative_102" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield II Type-2  - First regenerative shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_2_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -30
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 30 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.06 energy = 0.24 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead bajoran_lightship miradorn_raider shuttle fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius kdf_shuttle_kivra rom_shuttle_tajen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_3_B"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 540 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 1.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_regenerative_102" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield II Type-3  - First regenerative shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_2_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -40
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 39 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.08 energy = 0.32 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_emette kdf_bop_blasrika corvette attack_ship ion_cannon  fed_scout_malachowski fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_3_C"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 720 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_regenerative_102" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield II Type-4  - First regenerative shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_2_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -50
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 52 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.11 energy = 0.42 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_carrier_minuteman fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_qoj rom_bop_rea rom_hero_ship_mimicus yridian_destroyer klingon_houses_raptor_somraw klingon_houses_raptor_qoj }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_3_D"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 960 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 2.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_regenerative_102" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield II Type-5  - First regenerative shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_2_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -70
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 70 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.14 energy = 0.56 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_explorer_nx fed_mmv_poseidon fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_raptor_somraw kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_stanet saber fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_heavy_cruiser_yorktown fed_frigate_galen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_3_E"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 1300 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 3.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_regenerative_102" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield II Type-6  - First regenerative shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_2_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -90
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 93 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.19 energy = 0.74 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_bonaventure fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_explorer_hoover kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_jev kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_jorek rom_interceptor_tvaro rom_interceptor_arrenhe strike ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant fed_carrier_engle }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_3_F"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 1700 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 4.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_regenerative_102" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield II Type-7  - First regenerative shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_2_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -125
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 124 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.25 energy = 0.99 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_bop_arhael rom_interceptor_tliss rom_warbird_tellus fed_explorer_cheyenne klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_3_G"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 2300 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 6.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_regenerative_102" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield II Type-8  - First regenerative shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_2_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -165
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 165 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.33 energy = 1.32 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_stasek rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner amarie_cruiser la_sirena klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_3_H"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 3000 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 8.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_regenerative_102" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield II Type-9  - First regenerative shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_2_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -220
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 219 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.44 energy = 1.76 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_hero_ship_constitution fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser military_station_small fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_3_I"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 4000 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 11.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_regenerative_102" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield II Type-10  - First regenerative shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_2_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -290
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 292 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.59 energy = 2.34 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_mmv_sagan fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_valkis military_station_medium fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_ptolomy fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_3_J"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 5400 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 14.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_regenerative_102" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield II Type-12  - First regenerative shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_2_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -390
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 389 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.78 energy = 3.12 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_starbird_kaskara rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  fallen_interdictor fallen_attack assault_cruiser military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station fed_exploration_cruiser_federation fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_3_K"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 7200 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 19.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_regenerative_102" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield II Type-14  - First regenerative shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_2_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -520
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 519 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.04 energy = 4.15 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex adv_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_3_L"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 9600 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 26.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_regenerative_102" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield II Type-16  - First regenerative shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_2_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -690
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 691 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.39 energy = 5.53 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_3_M"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 12800 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 35.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_regenerative_102" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield II Type-18  - First regenerative shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_2_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -920
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 921 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.85 energy = 7.37 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship xindi_weapon fed_ent_naval_museum fed_ent_fleet_museum starbase_starport starbase_starhold starbase_starfortress starbase_citadel starbase_castle starbase_terran_vanguard_01 jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one fed_dreadnought_vengeance xindi_planet_killer_degra future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_3_N"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 17000 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 47 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_regenerative_102" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield II Type-20  - First regenerative shield
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_2_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1230
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1228 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.46 energy = 9.83 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar deep_space_starbase research_starbase  nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_3_O"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 22700 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 62.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_regenerative_102" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}

### Regenerative Shield III Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_3_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -25
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 26 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.06 energy = 0.21 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_4_A"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 460 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 1.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_211" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield III Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_3_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -35
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 34 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.07 energy = 0.28 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead bajoran_lightship miradorn_raider shuttle fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius kdf_shuttle_kivra rom_shuttle_tajen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_4_B"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 610 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 1.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_211" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield III Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_3_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -45
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 45 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.09 energy = 0.36 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette attack_ship ion_cannon fed_scout_malachowski fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_4_C"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 810 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 2.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_211" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield III Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_3_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -60
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 60 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.12 energy = 0.48 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_qoj yridian_destroyer klingon_houses_raptor_qoj }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_4_D"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 1080 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_211" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield III Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_3_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -80
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 80 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.16 energy = 0.64 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_stanet saber fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_frigate_galen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_4_E"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 1400 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_211" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield III Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_3_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -105
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 107 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.22 energy = 0.86 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_explorer_hoover kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_jev kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_jorek strike ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant fed_carrier_engle }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_4_F"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 1900 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 5.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_211" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield III Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_3_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -140
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 143 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.29 energy = 1.14 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_bop_arhael rom_interceptor_tliss fed_explorer_cheyenne klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_4_G"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 2600 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 7.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_211" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield III Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_3_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -190
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 190 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.38 energy = 1.52 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_stasek rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner amarie_cruiser la_sirena klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_4_H"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 3400 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 9.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_211" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield III Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_3_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -250
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 253 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.51 energy = 2.02 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_hero_ship_constitution fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser military_station_small fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_4_I"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 4500 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 12.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_211" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield III Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_3_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -335
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 337 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.68 energy = 2.7 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_mmv_sagan fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_valkis military_station_medium fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_ptolomy fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_4_J"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 6100 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 16.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_211" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield III Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_3_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -450
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 449 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.9 energy = 3.59 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_starbird_kaskara rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  fallen_interdictor fallen_attack assault_cruiser military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station fed_exploration_cruiser_federation fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_4_K"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 8100 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 22.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_211" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield III Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_3_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -600
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 598 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.2 energy = 4.79 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex adv_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_4_L"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 10800 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 29.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_211" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield III Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_3_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -795
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 798 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.6 energy = 6.38 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_4_M"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 14300 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 39.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_211" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield III Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_3_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1065
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1063 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.13 energy = 8.51 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship xindi_weapon fed_ent_naval_museum fed_ent_fleet_museum starbase_starport starbase_starhold starbase_starfortress starbase_citadel starbase_castle starbase_terran_vanguard_01 jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one fed_dreadnought_vengeance xindi_planet_killer_degra future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_4_N"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 19100 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 52.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_211" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield III Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_3_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1415
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1417 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.84 energy = 11.34 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar deep_space_starbase research_starbase  nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_4_O"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 25500 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 70.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_211" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}

### Regenerative Shield IV Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_4_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -30
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 22 sr_topaline = 2 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.12 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_5_A"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 510 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 1.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_212" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield IV Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_4_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -40
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 29 sr_topaline = 2 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.16 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius kdf_shuttle_kivra rom_shuttle_tajen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_5_B"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 680 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 1.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_212" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield IV Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_4_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -50
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 39 sr_topaline = 3 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.21 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette attack_ship ion_cannon fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_5_C"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 900 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 2.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_212" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield IV Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_4_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -70
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 51 sr_topaline = 4 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.28 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_saladin kdf_raptor_qoj klingon_houses_raptor_qoj }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 1200 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 3.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_212" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield IV Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_4_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -90
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 68 sr_topaline = 5 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.37 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger kdf_bop_brel kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_stanet saber fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_frigate_galen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_5_E"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 1600 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 4.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_212" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield IV Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_4_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -120
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 91 sr_topaline = 7 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.49 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_saber kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_jev kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_jorek strike ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_5_F"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 2100 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 5.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_212" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield IV Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_4_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -160
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 121 sr_topaline = 9 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.65 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_bop_arhael rom_interceptor_tliss fed_explorer_cheyenne klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_5_G"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 2800 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 7.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_212" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield IV Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_4_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -215
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 161 sr_topaline = 11 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.86 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_stasek steamrunner la_sirena klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_5_H"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 3800 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 10.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_212" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield IV Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_4_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -285
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 215 sr_topaline = 15 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.15 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_hero_ship_constitution fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser military_station_small fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_5_I"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 5000 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 14 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_212" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield IV Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_4_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -380
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 287 sr_topaline = 20 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.53 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_mmv_sagan fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_valkis military_station_medium fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_ptolomy fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_5_J"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 6700 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 18.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_212" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield IV Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_4_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -510
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 382 sr_topaline = 26 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.04 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_starbird_kaskara rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  fallen_interdictor fallen_attack assault_cruiser military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station fed_exploration_cruiser_federation fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_5_K"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 9000 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 24.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_212" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield IV Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_4_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -680
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 509 sr_topaline = 34 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.72 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex adv_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_5_L"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 12000 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 33.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_212" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield IV Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_4_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -905
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 678 sr_topaline = 46 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.62 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_5_M"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 15900 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 44.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_212" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield IV Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_4_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1205
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 904 sr_topaline = 61 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 4.82 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship xindi_weapon fed_ent_naval_museum fed_ent_fleet_museum starbase_starport starbase_starhold starbase_starfortress starbase_citadel starbase_castle starbase_terran_vanguard_01 jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one fed_dreadnought_vengeance xindi_planet_killer_degra future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_5_N"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 21300 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 58.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_212" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield IV Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_4_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1605
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1204 sr_topaline = 81 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 6.43 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar deep_space_starbase research_starbase  nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_5_O"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 28300 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 78.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_212" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}

### Regenerative Shield V Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_5_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -30
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 17 sr_topaline = 4 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.13 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_6_A"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 560 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 1.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_immersion_104" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield V Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_5_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -45
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 22 sr_topaline = 5 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.18 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius kdf_shuttle_kivra rom_shuttle_tajen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_6_B"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 740 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 2.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_immersion_104" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield V Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_5_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -55
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 29 sr_topaline = 6 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.23 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette attack_ship ion_cannon fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_scorpion fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_6_C"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 990 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 2.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_immersion_104" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield V Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_5_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -100
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 51 sr_topaline = 11 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.41 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger kdf_bop_brel saber fed_frigate_california fed_frigate_galen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_6_E"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 1800 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 4.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_immersion_104" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield V Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_5_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -135
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 68 sr_topaline = 14 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.55 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_saber kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_jev rom_bop_jorek strike ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_6_F"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 2300 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 6.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_immersion_104" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield V Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_5_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -180
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 90 sr_topaline = 18 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.72 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath rom_bop_arhael fed_explorer_cheyenne klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_6_G"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 3100 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 8.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_immersion_104" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield V Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_5_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -240
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 120 sr_topaline = 24 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.96 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tmara steamrunner la_sirena fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_6_H"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 4200 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 11.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_immersion_104" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield V Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_5_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -320
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 160 sr_topaline = 32 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.28 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion sovereign exploration_cruiser military_station_small fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_6_I"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 5600 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 15.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_immersion_104" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield V Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_5_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -425
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 214 sr_topaline = 43 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.71 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_mmv_sagan fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_valkis military_station_medium fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_6_J"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 7400 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 20.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_immersion_104" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield V Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_5_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -570
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 285 sr_topaline = 57 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.28 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_starbird_kaskara rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  fallen_interdictor fallen_attack assault_cruiser military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station fed_exploration_cruiser_federation fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_6_K"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 9900 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 27.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_immersion_104" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield V Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_5_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -755
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 379 sr_topaline = 76 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.03 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex adv_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_6_L"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 13200 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 36.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_immersion_104" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield V Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_5_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1010
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 505 sr_topaline = 101 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 4.04 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_6_M"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 17500 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 48.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_immersion_104" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield V Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_5_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1345
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 673 sr_topaline = 135 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 5.39 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship xindi_weapon fed_ent_naval_museum fed_ent_fleet_museum starbase_starport starbase_starhold starbase_starfortress starbase_citadel starbase_castle starbase_terran_vanguard_01 jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one fed_dreadnought_vengeance xindi_planet_killer_degra future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_6_N"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 23400 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 64.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_immersion_104" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Regenerative Shield V Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_5_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1795
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 898 sr_topaline = 180 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 7.18 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar deep_space_starbase research_starbase  nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_6_O"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 31200 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 86.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_immersion_104" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}

### Regenerative Shields VI Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_6_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -35
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 15 sr_topaline = 5 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.15 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_7_A"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 610 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 1.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_214" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Regenerative Shields VI Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_6_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -45
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 19 sr_topaline = 6 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.19 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius kdf_shuttle_kivra rom_shuttle_tajen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_7_B"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 810 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 2.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_214" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Regenerative Shields VI Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_6_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -65
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 26 sr_topaline = 8 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.26 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette attack_ship ion_cannon fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_scorpion fed_scout_freedom_tng }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_7_C"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 1080 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_214" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Regenerative Shields VI Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_6_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -110
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 45 sr_topaline = 14 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.45 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_challenger kdf_bop_brel saber fed_frigate_california fed_frigate_galen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_7_E"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 1900 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 5.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_214" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Regenerative Shields VI Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_6_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -150
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 60 sr_topaline = 18 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.6 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_saber kdf_bop_pagh rom_bop_jorek strike ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_7_F"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 2600 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 7.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_214" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Regenerative Shields VI Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_6_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -200
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 80 sr_topaline = 24 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.8 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_raider_klalath rom_bop_arhael fed_explorer_cheyenne klingon_houses_raider_klalath }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_7_G"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 3400 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 9.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_214" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Regenerative Shields VI Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_6_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -265
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 107 sr_topaline = 32 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.07 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tmara steamrunner la_sirena }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_7_H"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 4500 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 12.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_214" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Regenerative Shields VI Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_6_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -355
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 142 sr_topaline = 43 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.42 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_interceptor_tdair sovereign exploration_cruiser military_station_small fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_7_I"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 6100 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 16.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_214" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Regenerative Shields VI Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_6_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -470
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 189 sr_topaline = 57 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.89 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_mmv_sagan kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_valkis military_station_medium fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_7_J"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 8100 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 22.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_214" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Regenerative Shields VI Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_6_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -630
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 252 sr_topaline = 76 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.52 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  fallen_interdictor fallen_attack assault_cruiser military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_7_K"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 10800 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 29.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_214" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Regenerative Shields VI Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_6_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -835
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 335 sr_topaline = 101 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.35 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex adv_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_7_L"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 14400 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 39.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_214" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Regenerative Shields VI Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_6_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1115
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 447 sr_topaline = 134 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 4.47 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_7_M"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 19100 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 52.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_214" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Regenerative Shields VI Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_6_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1490
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 596 sr_topaline = 179 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 5.96 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship xindi_weapon fed_ent_naval_museum fed_ent_fleet_museum starbase_starport starbase_starhold starbase_starfortress starbase_citadel starbase_castle starbase_terran_vanguard_01 jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one fed_dreadnought_vengeance xindi_planet_killer_degra future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_7_N"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 25500 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 70.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_214" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Regenerative Shields VI Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_6_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1985
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 794 sr_topaline = 238 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 7.94 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar deep_space_starbase research_starbase  nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_7_O"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 34000 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 93.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_214" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}

### Unimatrix Regenerative Mk. VII Shields Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_7_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -40
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 12 sr_topaline = 6 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.16 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_8_A"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 660 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 1.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_unimatrix_106" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Unimatrix Regenerative Mk. VII Shields Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_7_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -50
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 16 sr_topaline = 8 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.21 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius kdf_shuttle_kivra rom_shuttle_tajen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_8_B"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 880 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 2.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_unimatrix_106" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Unimatrix Regenerative Mk. VII Shields Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_7_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -70
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 21 sr_topaline = 10 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.28 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette attack_ship ion_cannon fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_8_C"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 1170 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 3.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_unimatrix_106" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Unimatrix Regenerative Mk. VII Shields Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_7_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -125
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 37 sr_topaline = 18 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.5 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_challenger kdf_bop_brel saber fed_frigate_california fed_frigate_galen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_8_E"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 2100 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 5.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_unimatrix_106" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Unimatrix Regenerative Mk. VII Shields Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_7_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -165
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 50 sr_topaline = 23 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.66 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_saber kdf_bop_pagh strike ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_8_F"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 2800 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 7.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_unimatrix_106" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Unimatrix Regenerative Mk. VII Shields Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_7_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -220
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 66 sr_topaline = 31 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.88 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_raider_klalath rom_bop_arhael fed_explorer_cheyenne klingon_houses_raider_klalath }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_8_G"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 3700 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 10.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_unimatrix_106" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Unimatrix Regenerative Mk. VII Shields Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_7_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -290
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 88 sr_topaline = 41 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.17 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort rom_interceptor_tmara steamrunner la_sirena }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_8_H"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 4900 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 13.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_unimatrix_106" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Unimatrix Regenerative Mk. VII Shields Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_7_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -385
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 117 sr_topaline = 55 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.55 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_interceptor_tdair sovereign exploration_cruiser military_station_small fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_8_I"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 6600 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 18.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_unimatrix_106" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Unimatrix Regenerative Mk. VII Shields Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_7_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -515
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 155 sr_topaline = 73 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.07 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_mmv_sagan kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj military_station_medium fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_8_J"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 8700 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 24.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_unimatrix_106" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Unimatrix Regenerative Mk. VII Shields Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_7_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -690
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 207 sr_topaline = 97 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.76 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  fallen_interdictor fallen_attack assault_cruiser military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_8_K"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 11700 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 32.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_unimatrix_106" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Unimatrix Regenerative Mk. VII Shields Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_7_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -915
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 276 sr_topaline = 129 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.67 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex adv_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_8_L"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 15500 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 43 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_unimatrix_106" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Unimatrix Regenerative Mk. VII Shields Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_7_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1220
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 367 sr_topaline = 172 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 4.89 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_8_M"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 20700 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 57.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_unimatrix_106" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Unimatrix Regenerative Mk. VII Shields Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_7_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1630
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 489 sr_topaline = 229 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 6.52 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship xindi_weapon fed_ent_naval_museum fed_ent_fleet_museum starbase_starport starbase_starhold starbase_starfortress starbase_citadel starbase_castle starbase_terran_vanguard_01 jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one xindi_planet_killer_degra future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_8_N"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 27600 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 76.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_unimatrix_106" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Unimatrix Regenerative Mk. VII Shields Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_7_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -2170
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 652 sr_topaline = 305 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 8.69 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar deep_space_starbase research_starbase  nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_8_O"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 36800 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 101.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_unimatrix_106" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}

### Paratrinic Shields Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_8_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -45
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 8 sr_topaline = 9 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.21 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 military_defense_fed_4 science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 military_defense_fed_4 }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 760 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 2.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_paratrinic_95" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Paratrinic Shields Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_8_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -65
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 10 sr_topaline = 11 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.28 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius kdf_shuttle_kivra }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_9_B"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 1010 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 2.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_paratrinic_95" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Paratrinic Shields Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_8_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -85
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 13 sr_topaline = 15 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.37 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette attack_ship ion_cannon fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_9_C"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 1400 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 3.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_paratrinic_95" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Paratrinic Shields Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_8_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -150
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 23 sr_topaline = 26 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.66 }
   }
   size_restriction = { saber fed_frigate_california fed_frigate_galen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_9_E"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 2400 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 6.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_paratrinic_95" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Paratrinic Shields Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_8_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -200
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 30 sr_topaline = 34 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.88 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_saber kdf_bop_pagh strike ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_9_F"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 3200 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 8.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_paratrinic_95" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Paratrinic Shields Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_8_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -265
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 40 sr_topaline = 46 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.17 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway rom_bop_arhael }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 4300 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 11.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_paratrinic_95" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Paratrinic Shields Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_8_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -355
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 54 sr_topaline = 61 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.56 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort steamrunner la_sirena }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_9_H"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 5700 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 15.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_paratrinic_95" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Paratrinic Shields Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_8_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -470
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 71 sr_topaline = 81 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.08 }
   }
   size_restriction = { rom_interceptor_tdair sovereign exploration_cruiser military_station_small fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_dauntless }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_9_I"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 7600 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 21 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_paratrinic_95" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Paratrinic Shields Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_8_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -630
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 95 sr_topaline = 107 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.77 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mmv_akira fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_mmv_sagan kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha military_station_medium  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_9_J"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 10100 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 27.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_paratrinic_95" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Paratrinic Shields Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_8_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -835
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 126 sr_topaline = 143 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.69 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  fallen_interdictor fallen_attack assault_cruiser military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_9_K"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 13500 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 37.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_paratrinic_95" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Paratrinic Shields Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_8_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1115
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 168 sr_topaline = 190 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 4.92 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex adv_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_9_L"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 17900 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 49.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_paratrinic_95" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Paratrinic Shields Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_8_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1490
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 224 sr_topaline = 253 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 6.55 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_9_M"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 23900 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 66.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_paratrinic_95" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Paratrinic Shields Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_8_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1985
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 298 sr_topaline = 338 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 8.73 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship xindi_weapon fed_ent_naval_museum fed_ent_fleet_museum starbase_starport starbase_starhold starbase_starfortress starbase_citadel starbase_castle starbase_terran_vanguard_01 jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one xindi_planet_killer_degra future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_9_N"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 31900 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 88 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_paratrinic_95" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Paratrinic Shields Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_8_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -2645
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 397 sr_topaline = 450 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 11.64 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar deep_space_starbase research_starbase  nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_9_O"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 42500 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 117.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_paratrinic_95" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}

### Temporal Shields V1b Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_9_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -70
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 11 sr_time_crystal = 13 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.33 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead shuttle fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius kdf_shuttle_kivra }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 1110 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 3.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_temporal_63" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Temporal Shields V1b Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_9_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -95
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 15 sr_time_crystal = 17 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.44 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette attack_ship fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 1500 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 4.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_temporal_63" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Temporal Shields V1b Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_9_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -170
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 26 sr_time_crystal = 29 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.78 }
   }
   size_restriction = { saber fed_frigate_galen }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 2600 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 7.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_temporal_63" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Temporal Shields V1b Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_9_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -225
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 34 sr_time_crystal = 39 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.04 }
   }
   size_restriction = { strike }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 3500 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 9.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_temporal_63" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Temporal Shields V1b Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_9_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -400
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 60 sr_time_crystal = 68 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.84 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_raptor_mehadraw steamrunner la_sirena }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 6200 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 17.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_temporal_63" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Temporal Shields V1b Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_9_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -535
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 80 sr_time_crystal = 91 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.46 }
   }
   size_restriction = { sovereign exploration_cruiser fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_dauntless }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 8300 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 23 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_temporal_63" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Temporal Shields V1b Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_9_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -710
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 107 sr_time_crystal = 121 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.27 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_mmv_sagan  fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 11100 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 30.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_temporal_63" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Temporal Shields V1b Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_9_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -945
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 143 sr_time_crystal = 161 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 4.36 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  assault_cruiser fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 14800 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 40.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_temporal_63" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Temporal Shields V1b Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_9_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1260
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 190 sr_time_crystal = 215 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 5.81 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_vreedex adv_cruiser cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 19700 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 54.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_temporal_63" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Temporal Shields V1b Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_9_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1685
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 253 sr_time_crystal = 287 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 7.75 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_battleship_dkazanak super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 26300 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 72.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_temporal_63" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Temporal Shields V1b Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_9_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -2245
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 337 sr_time_crystal = 382 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 10.32 }
   }
   size_restriction = { rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike starbase_starport starbase_starhold starbase_starfortress starbase_citadel starbase_castle starbase_terran_vanguard_01 xindi_planet_killer_degra }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 35100 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 96.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_temporal_63" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Temporal Shields V1b Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_SHIELD_B_9_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_shield_b_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -2990
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 449 sr_time_crystal = 509 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 13.76 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar deep_space_starbase research_starbase man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 46700 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 129.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_temporal_63" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
