### Chemical Thrusters Type-1  - True null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BASIC_0_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_basic_0"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.01 energy = 0.01 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_scout science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer xcv330 military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BASIC_1_A"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 5 ship_base_speed_mult = -0.25 }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Chemical Thrusters Type-2  - True null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BASIC_0_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_basic_0"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.01 energy = 0.01 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead miradorn_raider shuttle fed_shuttle_shuttlepod fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius kdf_shuttle_kivra rom_shuttle_tajen }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BASIC_1_B"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 5 ship_base_speed_mult = -0.2 }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Chemical Thrusters Type-3  - True null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BASIC_0_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_basic_0"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.01 energy = 0.01 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_emette rom_bop_rea rom_hero_ship_mimicus borg_probe corvette attack_ship fed_scout_freedom fed_scout_malachowski fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion fed_frigate_discovery fed_attack_wing_nx_beta }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BASIC_1_C"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 5 ship_base_speed_mult = -0.2 }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Chemical Thrusters Type-4  - True null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BASIC_0_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_basic_0"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.01 energy = 0.02 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_carrier_sarajevo fed_carrier_minuteman fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_raptor_qoj rom_bop_stanet borg_scout bajoran_lightship yridian_destroyer kdf_strike_ship_grethor klingon_houses_raptor_somraw klingon_houses_raptor_qoj undine_01_bio_frigate fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BASIC_1_D"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 6 ship_base_speed_mult = -0.2 }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Chemical Thrusters Type-5  - True null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BASIC_0_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_basic_0"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.01 energy = 0.02 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_light_cruiser_intrepid_type fed_explorer_nx fed_mmv_poseidon fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_raptor_somraw kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_jorek saber destroyer fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_heavy_cruiser_yorktown fed_frigate_galen }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BASIC_1_E"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 6 ship_base_speed_mult = -0.15 }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Chemical Thrusters Type-6  - True null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BASIC_0_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_basic_0"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 3 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.01 energy = 0.02 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_bonaventure fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber kdf_bop_borghel kdf_bop_blasrika kdf_raptor_jev kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_arhael rom_warbird_tellus ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant   fed_carrier_engle }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BASIC_1_F"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 6 ship_base_speed_mult = -0.15 }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Chemical Thrusters Type-7  - True null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BASIC_0_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_basic_0"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 4 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.01 energy = 0.03 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_hoover fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_interceptor_tvaro rom_interceptor_arrenhe rom_warbird_stasek strike promellian_battlecruiser klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BASIC_1_G"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 6 ship_base_speed_mult = -0.15 }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Chemical Thrusters Type-8  - True null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BASIC_0_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_basic_0"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 5 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.01 energy = 0.04 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tliss rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner battleship amarie_cruiser la_sirena klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BASIC_1_H"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 6 ship_base_speed_mult = -0.1 }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Chemical Thrusters Type-9  - True null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BASIC_0_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_basic_0"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -5
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 6 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.02 energy = 0.05 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_hero_ship_constitution fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_bop_pagh kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser cruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_gagarin fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BASIC_1_I"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 7 ship_base_speed_mult = -0.05 }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Chemical Thrusters Type-10  - True null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BASIC_0_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_basic_0"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -5
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 8 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.02 energy = 0.06 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_interceptor_tdair rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus borg_pyramid fallen_interdictor fallen_attack fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha undine_01_bio_destroyer fed_carrier_ptolomy fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BASIC_1_J"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 7 ship_base_speed_mult = -0.05 }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Chemical Thrusters Type-12  - True null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BASIC_0_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_basic_0"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -5
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 10 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.02 energy = 0.08 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  borg_sphere undine_01_bio_ship adv_cruiser titan fed_exploration_cruiser_federation cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian undine_01_bio_cruiser fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BASIC_1_K"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 7  }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Chemical Thrusters Type-14  - True null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BASIC_0_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_basic_0"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -5
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 14 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.03 energy = 0.11 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak borg_diamond fallen_assault assault_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar undine_01_bio_raider }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BASIC_1_L"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 7 ship_base_speed_mult = -0.15 }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Chemical Thrusters Type-16  - True null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BASIC_0_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_basic_0"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -10
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 18 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.04 energy = 0.15 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike borg_cube fallen_flagship super_battleship xindi_weapon fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance undine_01_bio_battleship undine_01_bio_infester cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka xindi_planet_killer_degra fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BASIC_1_M"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 8 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.1 }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Chemical Thrusters Type-18  - True null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BASIC_0_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_basic_0"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -10
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 24 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.05 energy = 0.19 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon borg_tactical undine_01_bio_behemoth undine_01_bio_warship }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BASIC_1_N"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 8 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.15 }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Chemical Thrusters Type-20  - True null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BASIC_0_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_basic_0"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -15
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 32 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.07 energy = 0.26 }
   }
   size_restriction = { super_cube man_war colossus undine_01_bio_vanquisher time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BASIC_1_O"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 8 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.25 }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}

### Micro-Fusion Thrusters Type-1  - Null for non-borg
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BASIC_1_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_basic_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -5
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 9 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.02 energy = 0.07 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_scout science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer xcv330 military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 15 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_thrusters_1" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}
### Micro-Fusion Thrusters Type-2  - Null for non-borg
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BASIC_1_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_basic_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -5
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 12 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.03 energy = 0.1 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead miradorn_raider shuttle fed_shuttle_shuttlepod fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius kdf_shuttle_kivra rom_shuttle_tajen }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 16 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_thrusters_1" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}
### Micro-Fusion Thrusters Type-3  - Null for non-borg
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BASIC_1_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_basic_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -10
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 15 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.03 energy = 0.12 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_emette rom_bop_rea rom_hero_ship_mimicus borg_probe corvette attack_ship fed_scout_freedom fed_scout_malachowski fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion fed_frigate_discovery fed_attack_wing_nx_beta }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 16 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.15 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_thrusters_1" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}
### Micro-Fusion Thrusters Type-4  - Null for non-borg
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BASIC_1_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_basic_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -10
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 20 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.04 energy = 0.16 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_carrier_sarajevo fed_carrier_minuteman fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_raptor_qoj rom_bop_stanet borg_scout bajoran_lightship yridian_destroyer kdf_strike_ship_grethor klingon_houses_raptor_somraw klingon_houses_raptor_qoj undine_01_bio_frigate fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 17 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.15 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_thrusters_1" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}
### Micro-Fusion Thrusters Type-5  - Null for non-borg
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BASIC_1_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_basic_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -15
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 27 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.06 energy = 0.22 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_light_cruiser_intrepid_type fed_explorer_nx fed_mmv_poseidon fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_raptor_somraw kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_jorek saber destroyer fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_heavy_cruiser_yorktown fed_frigate_galen }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 17 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.15 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_thrusters_1" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}
### Micro-Fusion Thrusters Type-6  - Null for non-borg
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BASIC_1_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_basic_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -20
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 36 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.08 energy = 0.29 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_bonaventure fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber kdf_bop_borghel kdf_bop_blasrika kdf_raptor_jev kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_arhael rom_warbird_tellus ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant   fed_carrier_engle }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 18 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_thrusters_1" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}
### Micro-Fusion Thrusters Type-7  - Null for non-borg
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BASIC_1_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_basic_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -25
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 48 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.1 energy = 0.38 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_hoover fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_interceptor_tvaro rom_interceptor_arrenhe rom_warbird_stasek strike promellian_battlecruiser klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 19 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.25 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_thrusters_1" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}
### Micro-Fusion Thrusters Type-8  - Null for non-borg
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BASIC_1_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_basic_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -30
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 64 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.13 energy = 0.51 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tliss rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner battleship amarie_cruiser la_sirena klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 19 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.25 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_thrusters_1" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}
### Micro-Fusion Thrusters Type-9  - Null for non-borg
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BASIC_1_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_basic_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -40
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 85 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.17 energy = 0.68 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_hero_ship_constitution fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_bop_pagh kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser cruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_gagarin fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 20 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_thrusters_1" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}
### Micro-Fusion Thrusters Type-10  - Null for non-borg
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BASIC_1_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_basic_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -55
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 113 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.23 energy = 0.9 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_interceptor_tdair rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus borg_pyramid fallen_interdictor fallen_attack fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha undine_01_bio_destroyer fed_carrier_ptolomy fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 21 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.35 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_thrusters_1" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}
### Micro-Fusion Thrusters Type-12  - Null for non-borg
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BASIC_1_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_basic_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -75
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 150 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.3 energy = 1.2 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  borg_sphere undine_01_bio_ship adv_cruiser titan fed_exploration_cruiser_federation cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian undine_01_bio_cruiser fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 22 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_thrusters_1" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}
### Micro-Fusion Thrusters Type-14  - Null for non-borg
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BASIC_1_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_basic_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -100
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 200 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.4 energy = 1.6 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak borg_diamond fallen_assault assault_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar undine_01_bio_raider }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 22 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.45 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_thrusters_1" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}
### Micro-Fusion Thrusters Type-16  - Null for non-borg
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BASIC_1_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_basic_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -135
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 266 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.54 energy = 2.13 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike borg_cube fallen_flagship super_battleship xindi_weapon fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance undine_01_bio_battleship undine_01_bio_infester cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka xindi_planet_killer_degra fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 23 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.55 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_thrusters_1" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}
### Micro-Fusion Thrusters Type-18  - Null for non-borg
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BASIC_1_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_basic_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -175
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 355 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.71 energy = 2.84 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon borg_tactical undine_01_bio_behemoth undine_01_bio_warship }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 24 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.65 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_thrusters_1" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}
### Micro-Fusion Thrusters Type-20  - Null for non-borg
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BASIC_1_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_basic_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -235
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 473 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.95 energy = 3.78 }
   }
   size_restriction = { super_cube man_war colossus undine_01_bio_vanquisher time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 25 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.75 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_thrusters_1" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}

### Solar Sails Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_SAIL_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_sail"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 3 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.01 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_scout science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer xcv330 military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 8 ship_base_speed_mult = -0.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_society_words_379" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Solar Sails Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_SAIL_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_sail"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 4 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.01 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead miradorn_raider shuttle fed_shuttle_shuttlepod fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius kdf_shuttle_kivra rom_shuttle_tajen }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 8 ship_base_speed_mult = -0.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_society_words_379" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Solar Sails Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_SAIL_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_sail"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 4 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.01 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_emette rom_bop_rea rom_hero_ship_mimicus borg_probe corvette attack_ship fed_scout_freedom fed_scout_malachowski fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion fed_frigate_discovery fed_attack_wing_nx_beta }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 8 ship_base_speed_mult = -0.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_society_words_379" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Solar Sails Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_SAIL_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_sail"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 6 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.02 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_carrier_sarajevo fed_carrier_minuteman fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_raptor_qoj rom_bop_stanet borg_scout bajoran_lightship yridian_destroyer kdf_strike_ship_grethor klingon_houses_raptor_somraw klingon_houses_raptor_qoj undine_01_bio_frigate fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 8 ship_base_speed_mult = -0.05 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_society_words_379" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Solar Sails Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_SAIL_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_sail"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 8 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.02 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_light_cruiser_intrepid_type fed_explorer_nx fed_mmv_poseidon fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_raptor_somraw kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_jorek saber destroyer fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_heavy_cruiser_yorktown fed_frigate_galen }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 9 ship_base_speed_mult = -0.05 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_society_words_379" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Solar Sails Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_SAIL_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_sail"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 10 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.03 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_bonaventure fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber kdf_bop_borghel kdf_bop_blasrika kdf_raptor_jev kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_arhael rom_warbird_tellus ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant fed_carrier_engle }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 9 ship_base_speed_mult = -0.05 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_society_words_379" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Solar Sails Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_SAIL_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_sail"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 13 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.04 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_hoover fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_interceptor_tvaro rom_interceptor_arrenhe rom_warbird_stasek strike promellian_battlecruiser klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 9  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_society_words_379" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Solar Sails Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_SAIL_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_sail"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 17 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.05 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tliss rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner battleship amarie_cruiser la_sirena klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 10  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_society_words_379" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Solar Sails Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_SAIL_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_sail"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 23 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.06 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_hero_ship_constitution fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_bop_pagh kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser cruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_gagarin fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 10 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.05 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_society_words_379" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Solar Sails Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_SAIL_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_sail"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 30 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.08 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan  fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_interceptor_tdair rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus borg_pyramid fallen_interdictor fallen_attack fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha undine_01_bio_destroyer fed_carrier_ptolomy fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 10 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_society_words_379" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Solar Sails Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_SAIL_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_sail"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 40 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.1 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  borg_sphere undine_01_bio_ship adv_cruiser titan fed_exploration_cruiser_federation cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian undine_01_bio_cruiser fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 11 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_society_words_379" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Solar Sails Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_SAIL_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_sail"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 54 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.14 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak borg_diamond fallen_assault assault_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar undine_01_bio_raider }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 11 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.05 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_society_words_379" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Solar Sails Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_SAIL_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_sail"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 71 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.18 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike borg_cube fallen_flagship super_battleship xindi_weapon fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance undine_01_bio_battleship undine_01_bio_infester cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka xindi_planet_killer_degra fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 12 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_society_words_379" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Solar Sails Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_SAIL_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_sail"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 95 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.24 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon borg_tactical undine_01_bio_behemoth undine_01_bio_warship }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 12 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_society_words_379" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Solar Sails Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_SAIL_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_sail"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 126 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.32 }
   }
   size_restriction = { super_cube man_war colossus undine_01_bio_vanquisher time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 12 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.35 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_society_words_379" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}

### Sub-Impulse Thruster Type-1  - First impulse thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_2_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -10
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 7 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.01 energy = 0.04 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer xcv330 military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_3_A"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 13 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_impulse_631" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Sub-Impulse Thruster Type-2  - First impulse thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_2_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -10
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 9 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.02 energy = 0.05 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead miradorn_raider shuttle fed_shuttle_shuttlepod fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius kdf_shuttle_kivra rom_shuttle_tajen }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_3_B"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 13 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_impulse_631" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Sub-Impulse Thruster Type-3  - First impulse thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_2_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -15
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 11 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.02 energy = 0.07 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_emette rom_bop_rea rom_hero_ship_mimicus corvette attack_ship fed_scout_freedom fed_scout_malachowski fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion fed_frigate_discovery fed_attack_wing_nx_beta }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_3_C"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 14 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_impulse_631" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Sub-Impulse Thruster Type-4  - First impulse thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_2_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -20
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 15 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.03 energy = 0.09 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_carrier_sarajevo fed_carrier_minuteman fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_raptor_qoj rom_bop_stanet bajoran_lightship yridian_destroyer kdf_strike_ship_grethor klingon_houses_raptor_somraw klingon_houses_raptor_qoj fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_3_D"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 14 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.35 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_impulse_631" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Sub-Impulse Thruster Type-5  - First impulse thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_2_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -25
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 20 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.03 energy = 0.12 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_light_cruiser_intrepid_type fed_explorer_nx fed_mmv_poseidon fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_jorek saber destroyer fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_heavy_cruiser_yorktown fed_frigate_galen }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_3_E"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 15 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.35 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_impulse_631" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Sub-Impulse Thruster Type-6  - First impulse thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_2_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -35
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 27 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.04 energy = 0.16 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_bonaventure fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber kdf_bop_borghel kdf_bop_blasrika kdf_raptor_jev kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_arhael rom_warbird_tellus ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant   fed_carrier_engle }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_3_F"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 15 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_impulse_631" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Sub-Impulse Thruster Type-7  - First impulse thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_2_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -45
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 35 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.06 energy = 0.21 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_hoover fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_interceptor_tvaro rom_interceptor_arrenhe rom_warbird_stasek strike promellian_battlecruiser klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_3_G"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 16 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_impulse_631" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Sub-Impulse Thruster Type-8  - First impulse thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_2_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -60
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 47 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.07 energy = 0.28 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tliss rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner battleship amarie_cruiser la_sirena klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_3_H"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 16 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.45 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_impulse_631" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Sub-Impulse Thruster Type-9  - First impulse thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_2_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -75
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 62 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.1 energy = 0.38 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_hero_ship_constitution fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_bop_pagh kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser cruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_gagarin fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_3_I"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 17 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_impulse_631" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Sub-Impulse Thruster Type-10  - First impulse thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_2_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -105
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 83 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.13 energy = 0.5 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_interceptor_tdair rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus fallen_interdictor fallen_attack fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_ptolomy fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_3_J"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 17 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.55 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_impulse_631" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Sub-Impulse Thruster Type-12  - First impulse thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_2_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -135
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 110 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.17 energy = 0.66 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  adv_cruiser titan fed_exploration_cruiser_federation cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_3_K"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 18 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_impulse_631" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Sub-Impulse Thruster Type-14  - First impulse thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_2_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -185
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 147 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.22 energy = 0.88 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault assault_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_3_L"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 19 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_impulse_631" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Sub-Impulse Thruster Type-16  - First impulse thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_2_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -245
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 195 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.3 energy = 1.17 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship super_battleship xindi_weapon fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka xindi_planet_killer_degra fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_3_M"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 19 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.75 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_impulse_631" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Sub-Impulse Thruster Type-18  - First impulse thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_2_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -325
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 260 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.39 energy = 1.56 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_3_N"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 20 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_impulse_631" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Sub-Impulse Thruster Type-20  - First impulse thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_2_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -435
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 347 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.52 energy = 2.08 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war colossus time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_3_O"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 21 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_impulse_631" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}

### Impulse Thruster Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_3_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -10
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 8 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.02 energy = 0.05 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer xcv330 military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_4_A"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 15 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1491" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Impulse Thruster Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_3_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -15
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 11 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.02 energy = 0.07 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead miradorn_raider shuttle fed_shuttle_shuttlepod fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius kdf_shuttle_kivra rom_shuttle_tajen }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_4_B"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 16 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1491" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Impulse Thruster Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_3_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -20
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 14 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.03 energy = 0.09 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_emette rom_bop_rea rom_hero_ship_mimicus corvette attack_ship fed_scout_freedom fed_scout_malachowski fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion fed_frigate_discovery fed_attack_wing_nx_beta }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_4_C"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 16 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.45 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1491" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Impulse Thruster Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_3_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -25
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 19 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.03 energy = 0.12 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_carrier_sarajevo fed_carrier_minuteman fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_raptor_qoj rom_bop_stanet bajoran_lightship yridian_destroyer kdf_strike_ship_grethor klingon_houses_raptor_somraw klingon_houses_raptor_qoj fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_4_D"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 17 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.45 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1491" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Impulse Thruster Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_3_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -30
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 25 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.04 energy = 0.15 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_light_cruiser_intrepid_type fed_explorer_nx fed_mmv_poseidon fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_raptor_somraw kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_jorek saber destroyer fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_heavy_cruiser_yorktown fed_frigate_galen }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_4_E"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 17 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1491" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Impulse Thruster Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_3_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -40
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 34 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.05 energy = 0.2 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_bonaventure fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber kdf_bop_borghel kdf_bop_blasrika kdf_raptor_jev kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_arhael rom_warbird_tellus ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant   fed_carrier_engle }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_4_F"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 18 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1491" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Impulse Thruster Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_3_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -55
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 45 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.07 energy = 0.27 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_hoover fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_interceptor_tvaro rom_interceptor_arrenhe rom_warbird_stasek strike promellian_battlecruiser klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_4_G"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 19 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.55 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1491" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Impulse Thruster Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_3_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -75
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 59 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.09 energy = 0.36 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tliss rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner battleship amarie_cruiser la_sirena klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_4_H"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 19 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.55 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1491" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Impulse Thruster Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_3_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -100
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 79 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.12 energy = 0.48 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_hero_ship_constitution fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_bop_pagh kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser cruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_gagarin fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_4_I"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 20 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1491" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Impulse Thruster Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_3_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -130
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 105 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.16 energy = 0.63 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan  fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_interceptor_tdair rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus fallen_interdictor fallen_attack fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_ptolomy fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_4_J"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 21 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.65 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1491" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Impulse Thruster Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_3_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -175
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 140 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.21 energy = 0.84 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  adv_cruiser titan fed_exploration_cruiser_federation cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_4_K"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 22 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1491" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Impulse Thruster Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_3_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -235
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 187 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.28 energy = 1.12 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault assault_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_4_L"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 22 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1491" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Impulse Thruster Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_3_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -310
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 248 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.38 energy = 1.49 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship super_battleship xindi_weapon fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka xindi_planet_killer_degra fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_4_M"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 23 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.85 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1491" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Impulse Thruster Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_3_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -415
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 331 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.5 energy = 1.99 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_4_N"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 24 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.95 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1491" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Impulse Thruster Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_3_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -550
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 441 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.67 energy = 2.65 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war colossus time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_4_O"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 25 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.05 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1491" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}

### Avidyne Impulse Thruster Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_4_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -15
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 12 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.02 energy = 0.07 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_5_A"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 20 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_avidyne_633" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Avidyne Impulse Thruster Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_4_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -20
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 16 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.03 energy = 0.1 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead miradorn_raider shuttle fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius kdf_shuttle_kivra rom_shuttle_tajen }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_5_B"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 21 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.65 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_avidyne_633" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Avidyne Impulse Thruster Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_4_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -25
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 20 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.03 energy = 0.12 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_emette rom_bop_rea rom_hero_ship_mimicus corvette attack_ship fed_scout_malachowski fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_5_C"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 22 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.65 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_avidyne_633" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Avidyne Impulse Thruster Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_4_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -35
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 27 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.04 energy = 0.16 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_carrier_minuteman fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_raptor_qoj rom_bop_stanet bajoran_lightship yridian_destroyer klingon_houses_raptor_somraw klingon_houses_raptor_qoj fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_5_D"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 22 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.65 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_avidyne_633" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Avidyne Impulse Thruster Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_4_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -45
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 36 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.06 energy = 0.22 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_explorer_nx fed_mmv_poseidon fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_raptor_somraw kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_jorek saber fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_heavy_cruiser_yorktown fed_frigate_galen }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_5_E"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 23 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_avidyne_633" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Avidyne Impulse Thruster Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_4_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -60
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 48 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.08 energy = 0.29 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_bonaventure fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber kdf_bop_blasrika kdf_raptor_jev kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_arhael rom_warbird_tellus ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant  fed_carrier_engle }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_5_F"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 24 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_avidyne_633" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Avidyne Impulse Thruster Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_4_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -80
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 64 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.1 energy = 0.38 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_hoover fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_interceptor_tvaro rom_interceptor_arrenhe rom_warbird_stasek strike klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_5_G"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 25 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.75 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_avidyne_633" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Avidyne Impulse Thruster Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_4_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -105
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 85 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.13 energy = 0.51 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tliss rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner amarie_cruiser la_sirena klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_5_H"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 26 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_avidyne_633" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Avidyne Impulse Thruster Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_4_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -140
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 113 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.17 energy = 0.68 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_hero_ship_constitution fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_bop_pagh kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_gagarin fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_5_I"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 27 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.85 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_avidyne_633" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Avidyne Impulse Thruster Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_4_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -185
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 150 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.23 energy = 0.9 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan  fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_interceptor_tdair rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus fallen_interdictor fallen_attack fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_ptolomy fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_5_J"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 28 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_avidyne_633" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Avidyne Impulse Thruster Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_4_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -250
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 200 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.3 energy = 1.2 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  adv_cruiser fed_exploration_cruiser_federation cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_5_K"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 29 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.95 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_avidyne_633" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Avidyne Impulse Thruster Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_4_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -330
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 266 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.4 energy = 1.6 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault assault_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_5_L"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 30 ship_base_speed_mult = 1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_avidyne_633" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Avidyne Impulse Thruster Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_4_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -445
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 355 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.54 energy = 2.13 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship super_battleship xindi_weapon fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka xindi_planet_killer_degra fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_5_M"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 31 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.05 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_avidyne_633" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Avidyne Impulse Thruster Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_4_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -590
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 473 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.71 energy = 2.84 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_5_N"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 32 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.15 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_avidyne_633" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Avidyne Impulse Thruster Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_4_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -785
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 630 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.95 energy = 3.78 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_5_O"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 33 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.25 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_avidyne_633" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}

### Impulse Manifold Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_5_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -15
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 13 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.02 energy = 0.08 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_6_A"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 23 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.75 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_improved_635" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Impulse Manifold Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_5_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -20
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 18 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.03 energy = 0.11 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead miradorn_raider shuttle fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius kdf_shuttle_kivra rom_shuttle_tajen }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_6_B"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 23 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.75 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_improved_635" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Impulse Manifold Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_5_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -30
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 23 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.04 energy = 0.14 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette attack_ship fed_scout_malachowski fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_6_C"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 24 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.75 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_improved_635" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Impulse Manifold Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_5_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -40
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 31 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.05 energy = 0.19 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_raptor_qoj rom_bop_stanet bajoran_lightship yridian_destroyer klingon_houses_raptor_qoj fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_6_D"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 25 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_improved_635" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Impulse Manifold Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_5_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -50
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 41 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.07 energy = 0.25 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_jorek saber fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_frigate_galen }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_6_E"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 26 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_improved_635" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Impulse Manifold Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_5_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -70
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 55 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.09 energy = 0.33 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber kdf_raptor_jev kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_arhael ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant fed_carrier_engle }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_6_F"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 27 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.85 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_improved_635" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Impulse Manifold Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_5_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -90
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 73 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.11 energy = 0.44 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_hoover fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_warbird_stasek strike klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_6_G"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 28 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.85 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_improved_635" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Impulse Manifold Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_5_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -120
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 97 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.15 energy = 0.59 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tliss rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner amarie_cruiser la_sirena klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_6_H"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 29 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_improved_635" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Impulse Manifold Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_5_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -160
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 130 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.2 energy = 0.78 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_hero_ship_constitution fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_bop_pagh kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_gagarin fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_6_I"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 30 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.95 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_improved_635" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Impulse Manifold Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_5_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -215
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 173 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.26 energy = 1.04 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan  fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_interceptor_tdair rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus fallen_interdictor fallen_attack fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_ptolomy fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_6_J"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 31 ship_base_speed_mult = 1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_improved_635" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Impulse Manifold Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_5_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -285
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 230 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.35 energy = 1.38 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  adv_cruiser fed_exploration_cruiser_federation cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_6_K"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 32 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.05 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_improved_635" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Impulse Manifold Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_5_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -380
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 306 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.46 energy = 1.84 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault assault_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_6_L"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 34 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_improved_635" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Impulse Manifold Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_5_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -510
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 408 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.62 energy = 2.45 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship super_battleship xindi_weapon fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka xindi_planet_killer_degra fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_6_M"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 35 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_improved_635" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Impulse Manifold Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_5_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -680
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 544 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.82 energy = 3.26 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_6_N"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 36 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.25 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_improved_635" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Impulse Manifold Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_5_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -905
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 724 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.09 energy = 4.35 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_6_O"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 37 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.35 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_improved_635" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}

### Impulse Manifold Mk. VI Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_6_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -20
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 17 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.03 energy = 0.1 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_7_A"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 28 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.95 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1494" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Impulse Manifold Mk. VI Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_6_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -25
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 22 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.04 energy = 0.14 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius kdf_shuttle_kivra rom_shuttle_tajen }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_7_B"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 29 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.95 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1494" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Impulse Manifold Mk. VI Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_6_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -35
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 29 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.05 energy = 0.18 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette attack_ship fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_7_C"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 30 ship_base_speed_mult = 1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1494" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Impulse Manifold Mk. VI Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_6_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -50
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 39 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.06 energy = 0.24 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_7_D"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 31 ship_base_speed_mult = 1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1494" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Impulse Manifold Mk. VI Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_6_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -65
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 52 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.08 energy = 0.31 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger rom_bop_jorek saber fed_frigate_california fed_frigate_galen }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_7_E"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 32 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.05 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1494" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Impulse Manifold Mk. VI Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_6_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -85
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 69 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.11 energy = 0.42 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_saber kdf_raptor_jev rom_bop_arhael ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_7_F"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 33 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.05 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1494" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Impulse Manifold Mk. VI Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_6_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -115
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 92 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.14 energy = 0.55 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mmv_norway kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath strike klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_7_G"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 34 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1494" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Impulse Manifold Mk. VI Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_6_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -155
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 123 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.19 energy = 0.74 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion steamrunner la_sirena fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_7_H"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 36 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1494" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Impulse Manifold Mk. VI Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_6_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -205
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 163 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.25 energy = 0.98 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_bop_pagh kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_kanassarum sovereign exploration_cruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_gagarin fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_7_I"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 37 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.15 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1494" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Impulse Manifold Mk. VI Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_6_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -270
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 217 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.33 energy = 1.31 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan  fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_interceptor_tdair rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus fallen_interdictor fallen_attack fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_7_J"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 38 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1494" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Impulse Manifold Mk. VI Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_6_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -360
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 290 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.44 energy = 1.74 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  adv_cruiser fed_exploration_cruiser_federation cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_7_K"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 40 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.25 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1494" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Impulse Manifold Mk. VI Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_6_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -480
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 386 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.58 energy = 2.32 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault assault_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_7_L"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 41 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1494" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Impulse Manifold Mk. VI Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_6_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -640
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 514 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.78 energy = 3.09 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship super_battleship xindi_weapon fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka xindi_planet_killer_degra fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_7_M"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 43 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1494" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Impulse Manifold Mk. VI Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_6_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -855
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 685 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.03 energy = 4.11 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_7_N"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 44 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1494" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Impulse Manifold Mk. VI Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_6_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1140
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 913 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.37 energy = 5.48 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_7_O"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 46 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1494" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}

### Compound Impulse Manifold Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_7_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -25
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 19 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.03 energy = 0.11 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_8_A"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 30 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.05 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1495" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Compound Impulse Manifold Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_7_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -30
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 25 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.04 energy = 0.15 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius kdf_shuttle_kivra rom_shuttle_tajen }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_8_B"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 31 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1495" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Compound Impulse Manifold Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_7_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -40
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 32 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.05 energy = 0.2 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette attack_ship fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_8_C"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 32 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1495" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Compound Impulse Manifold Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_7_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -55
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 43 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.07 energy = 0.26 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_8_D"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 34 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1495" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Compound Impulse Manifold Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_7_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -70
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 57 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.09 energy = 0.35 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_challenger rom_bop_jorek saber fed_frigate_california fed_frigate_galen }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_8_E"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 35 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.15 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1495" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Compound Impulse Manifold Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_7_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -95
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 76 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.12 energy = 0.46 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_saber rom_bop_arhael ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_8_F"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 36 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.15 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1495" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Compound Impulse Manifold Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_7_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -125
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 102 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.16 energy = 0.61 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mmv_norway kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_raider_klalath strike klingon_houses_raider_klalath }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_8_G"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 37 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1495" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Compound Impulse Manifold Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_7_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -170
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 135 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.21 energy = 0.81 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_strike_ship_feklhr steamrunner la_sirena }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_8_H"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 39 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.25 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1495" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Compound Impulse Manifold Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_7_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -225
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 180 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.27 energy = 1.08 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_bop_pagh kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_kanassarum sovereign exploration_cruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_gagarin fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_8_I"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 40 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.25 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1495" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Compound Impulse Manifold Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_7_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -300
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 240 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.36 energy = 1.44 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan  fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_interceptor_tdair rom_starbird_valkis fallen_interdictor fallen_attack fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_8_J"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 42 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1495" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Compound Impulse Manifold Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_7_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -400
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 320 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.48 energy = 1.92 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  adv_cruiser cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_8_K"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 43 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1495" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Compound Impulse Manifold Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_7_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -530
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 426 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.64 energy = 2.56 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault assault_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_8_L"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 45 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.45 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1495" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Compound Impulse Manifold Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_7_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -710
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 567 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.86 energy = 3.41 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship super_battleship xindi_weapon fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka xindi_planet_killer_degra fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_8_M"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 46 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1495" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Compound Impulse Manifold Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_7_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -945
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 756 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.14 energy = 4.54 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_8_N"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 48 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1495" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Compound Impulse Manifold Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_7_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1260
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1008 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.52 energy = 6.05 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_8_O"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 50 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1495" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}

### Hyper-Impulse Engine Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_8_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -25
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 20 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.03 energy = 0.12 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 33 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.15 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_hyper-impulse_637" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Hyper-Impulse Engine Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_8_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -35
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 27 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.04 energy = 0.16 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius kdf_shuttle_kivra rom_shuttle_tajen }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 34 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_hyper-impulse_637" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Hyper-Impulse Engine Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_8_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -45
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 35 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.06 energy = 0.21 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette attack_ship fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 35 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_hyper-impulse_637" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Hyper-Impulse Engine Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_8_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -60
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 47 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.07 energy = 0.28 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 36 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.25 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_hyper-impulse_637" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Hyper-Impulse Engine Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_8_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -80
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 63 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.1 energy = 0.38 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_challenger saber fed_frigate_california fed_frigate_galen }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 38 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.25 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_hyper-impulse_637" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Hyper-Impulse Engine Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_8_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -105
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 83 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.13 energy = 0.5 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_saber rom_bop_arhael ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 39 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_hyper-impulse_637" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Hyper-Impulse Engine Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_8_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -140
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 111 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.17 energy = 0.67 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mmv_norway kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_raider_klalath strike klingon_houses_raider_klalath }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 41 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_hyper-impulse_637" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Hyper-Impulse Engine Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_8_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -185
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 148 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.23 energy = 0.89 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort steamrunner la_sirena }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 42 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.35 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_hyper-impulse_637" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Hyper-Impulse Engine Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_8_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -245
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 197 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.3 energy = 1.18 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class kdf_bop_pagh kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_interceptor_tmara sovereign exploration_cruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 44 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_hyper-impulse_637" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Hyper-Impulse Engine Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_8_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -325
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 262 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.4 energy = 1.58 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_interceptor_tdair fallen_interdictor fallen_attack fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 45 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.45 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_hyper-impulse_637" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Hyper-Impulse Engine Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_8_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -435
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 349 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.53 energy = 2.1 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  adv_cruiser cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 47 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_hyper-impulse_637" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Hyper-Impulse Engine Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_8_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -580
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 466 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.7 energy = 2.8 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault assault_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 48 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.55 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_hyper-impulse_637" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Hyper-Impulse Engine Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_8_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -775
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 620 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.93 energy = 3.72 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship super_battleship xindi_weapon fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka xindi_planet_killer_degra fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 50 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_hyper-impulse_637" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Hyper-Impulse Engine Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_8_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1035
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 827 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.24 energy = 4.96 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 52 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_hyper-impulse_637" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Hyper-Impulse Engine Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_A_8_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_a_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1375
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1102 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.66 energy = 6.61 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 54 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_hyper-impulse_637" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}

### Stealth Thruster Type-1  - First stealth thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_2_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -5
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 19 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.05 energy = 0.19 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer xcv330 military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_3_A"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 23 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_low_632" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Stealth Thruster Type-2  - First stealth thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_2_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -5
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 25 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.07 energy = 0.25 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead miradorn_raider shuttle fed_shuttle_shuttlepod fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius kdf_shuttle_kivra rom_shuttle_tajen }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_3_B"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 23 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_low_632" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Stealth Thruster Type-3  - First stealth thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_2_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -10
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 32 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.08 energy = 0.32 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_emette rom_bop_rea rom_hero_ship_mimicus corvette attack_ship fed_scout_freedom fed_scout_malachowski fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion fed_frigate_discovery fed_attack_wing_nx_beta }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_3_C"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 24 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_low_632" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Stealth Thruster Type-4  - First stealth thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_2_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -10
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 43 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.11 energy = 0.43 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_carrier_sarajevo fed_carrier_minuteman fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_raptor_qoj rom_bop_stanet bajoran_lightship yridian_destroyer kdf_strike_ship_grethor klingon_houses_raptor_somraw klingon_houses_raptor_qoj fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_3_D"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 25 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.15 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_low_632" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Stealth Thruster Type-5  - First stealth thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_2_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -15
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 57 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.15 energy = 0.57 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_light_cruiser_intrepid_type fed_explorer_nx fed_mmv_poseidon fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_raptor_somraw kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_jorek saber destroyer fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_heavy_cruiser_yorktown fed_frigate_galen }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_3_E"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 26 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.15 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_low_632" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Stealth Thruster Type-6  - First stealth thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_2_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -20
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 76 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.19 energy = 0.76 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_bonaventure fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber kdf_bop_borghel kdf_bop_blasrika kdf_raptor_jev kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_arhael rom_warbird_tellus ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant   fed_carrier_engle }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_3_F"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 27 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.15 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_low_632" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Stealth Thruster Type-7  - First stealth thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_2_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -25
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 102 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.26 energy = 1.02 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_hoover fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_interceptor_tvaro rom_interceptor_arrenhe rom_warbird_stasek strike promellian_battlecruiser klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_3_G"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 28 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_low_632" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Stealth Thruster Type-8  - First stealth thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_2_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -35
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 135 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.34 energy = 1.35 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tliss rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner battleship amarie_cruiser la_sirena klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_3_H"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 29 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_low_632" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Stealth Thruster Type-9  - First stealth thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_2_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -45
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 180 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.45 energy = 1.8 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_hero_ship_constitution fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_bop_pagh kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser cruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_gagarin fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_3_I"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 30 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.25 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_low_632" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Stealth Thruster Type-10  - First stealth thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_2_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -60
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 240 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.6 energy = 2.4 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan  fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_interceptor_tdair rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus fallen_interdictor fallen_attack fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_ptolomy fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_3_J"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 31 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_low_632" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Stealth Thruster Type-12  - First stealth thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_2_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -80
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 320 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.8 energy = 3.2 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  adv_cruiser titan fed_exploration_cruiser_federation cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_3_K"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 32 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_low_632" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Stealth Thruster Type-14  - First stealth thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_2_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -105
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 426 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.07 energy = 4.26 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault assault_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_3_L"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 34 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.35 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_low_632" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Stealth Thruster Type-16  - First stealth thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_2_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -140
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 567 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.42 energy = 5.67 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship super_battleship xindi_weapon fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka xindi_planet_killer_degra fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_3_M"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 35 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_low_632" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Stealth Thruster Type-18  - First stealth thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_2_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -190
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 756 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.89 energy = 7.56 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_3_N"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 36 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_low_632" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Stealth Thruster Type-20  - First stealth thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_2_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -250
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1008 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.52 energy = 10.08 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war colossus time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_3_O"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 37 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.55 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_low_632" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}

### Paralithium Mk. III Stealth Thruster Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_3_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -5
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 24 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.06 energy = 0.24 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer xcv330 military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_4_A"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 25 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.15 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1501" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Paralithium Mk. III Stealth Thruster Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_3_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -10
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 31 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.08 energy = 0.31 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead miradorn_raider shuttle fed_shuttle_shuttlepod fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius kdf_shuttle_kivra rom_shuttle_tajen }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_4_B"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 26 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1501" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Paralithium Mk. III Stealth Thruster Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_3_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -10
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 41 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.11 energy = 0.41 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_emette rom_bop_rea rom_hero_ship_mimicus corvette attack_ship fed_scout_freedom fed_scout_malachowski fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion fed_frigate_discovery fed_attack_wing_nx_beta }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_4_C"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 27 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1501" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Paralithium Mk. III Stealth Thruster Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_3_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -15
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 55 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.14 energy = 0.55 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_carrier_sarajevo fed_carrier_minuteman fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_raptor_qoj rom_bop_stanet bajoran_lightship yridian_destroyer kdf_strike_ship_grethor klingon_houses_raptor_somraw klingon_houses_raptor_qoj fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   hostile_aura = { 
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_4_D"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 28 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1501" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Paralithium Mk. III Stealth Thruster Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_3_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -20
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 73 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.19 energy = 0.73 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_light_cruiser_intrepid_type fed_explorer_nx fed_mmv_poseidon fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_raptor_somraw kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_jorek saber destroyer fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_heavy_cruiser_yorktown fed_frigate_galen }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_4_E"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 29 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.25 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1501" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Paralithium Mk. III Stealth Thruster Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_3_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -25
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 98 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.25 energy = 0.98 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_bonaventure fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber kdf_bop_borghel kdf_bop_blasrika kdf_raptor_jev kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_arhael rom_warbird_tellus ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant   fed_carrier_engle }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_4_F"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 30 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.25 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1501" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Paralithium Mk. III Stealth Thruster Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_3_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -30
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 130 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.33 energy = 1.3 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_hoover fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_interceptor_tvaro rom_interceptor_arrenhe rom_warbird_stasek strike promellian_battlecruiser klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_4_G"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 31 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.25 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1501" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Paralithium Mk. III Stealth Thruster Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_3_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -45
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 173 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.44 energy = 1.73 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tliss rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner battleship amarie_cruiser la_sirena klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_4_H"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 32 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1501" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Paralithium Mk. III Stealth Thruster Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_3_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -60
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 231 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.58 energy = 2.31 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_hero_ship_constitution fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_bop_pagh kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser cruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_gagarin fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_4_I"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 33 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.35 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1501" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Paralithium Mk. III Stealth Thruster Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_3_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -75
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 307 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.77 energy = 3.07 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan  fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_interceptor_tdair rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus fallen_interdictor fallen_attack fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_ptolomy fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_4_J"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 35 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.35 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1501" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Paralithium Mk. III Stealth Thruster Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_3_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -100
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 409 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.03 energy = 4.09 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  adv_cruiser titan fed_exploration_cruiser_federation cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_4_K"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 36 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1501" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Paralithium Mk. III Stealth Thruster Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_3_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -135
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 545 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.37 energy = 5.45 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault assault_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_4_L"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 37 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1501" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Paralithium Mk. III Stealth Thruster Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_3_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -180
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 727 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.82 energy = 7.27 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship super_battleship xindi_weapon fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka xindi_planet_killer_degra fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_4_M"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 39 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1501" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Paralithium Mk. III Stealth Thruster Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_3_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -240
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 969 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.43 energy = 9.69 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_4_N"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 40 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.55 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1501" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Paralithium Mk. III Stealth Thruster Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_3_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -325
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1291 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.23 energy = 12.91 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war colossus time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_4_O"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 42 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.65 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1501" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}

### RCS Mk. IV Stealth Thruster Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_4_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -10
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 34 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.09 energy = 0.34 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_5_A"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 30 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.35 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_low_634" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### RCS Mk. IV Stealth Thruster Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_4_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -10
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 45 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.12 energy = 0.45 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead miradorn_raider shuttle fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius kdf_shuttle_kivra rom_shuttle_tajen }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_5_B"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 31 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.35 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_low_634" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### RCS Mk. IV Stealth Thruster Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_4_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -15
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 59 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.15 energy = 0.59 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_emette rom_bop_rea rom_hero_ship_mimicus corvette attack_ship fed_scout_malachowski fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_5_C"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 32 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.35 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_low_634" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### RCS Mk. IV Stealth Thruster Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_4_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -20
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 79 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.2 energy = 0.79 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_carrier_minuteman fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_raptor_qoj rom_bop_stanet bajoran_lightship yridian_destroyer klingon_houses_raptor_somraw klingon_houses_raptor_qoj fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_5_D"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 34 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.35 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_low_634" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### RCS Mk. IV Stealth Thruster Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_4_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -25
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 105 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.27 energy = 1.05 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_explorer_nx fed_mmv_poseidon fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raptor_somraw kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_jorek saber fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_heavy_cruiser_yorktown fed_frigate_galen }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_5_E"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 35 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_low_634" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### RCS Mk. IV Stealth Thruster Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_4_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -35
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 140 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.35 energy = 1.4 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_bonaventure fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber kdf_bop_blasrika kdf_raptor_jev kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_arhael rom_warbird_tellus ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant  fed_carrier_engle }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_5_F"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 36 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_low_634" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### RCS Mk. IV Stealth Thruster Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_4_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -45
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 187 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.47 energy = 1.87 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_hoover fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_interceptor_tvaro rom_interceptor_arrenhe rom_warbird_stasek strike klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_5_G"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 37 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.45 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_low_634" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### RCS Mk. IV Stealth Thruster Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_4_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -60
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 249 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.63 energy = 2.49 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tliss rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner amarie_cruiser la_sirena klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_5_H"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 39 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.45 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_low_634" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### RCS Mk. IV Stealth Thruster Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_4_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -85
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 332 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.83 energy = 3.32 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_hero_ship_constitution fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_bop_pagh kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_gagarin fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_5_I"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 40 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_low_634" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### RCS Mk. IV Stealth Thruster Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_4_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -110
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 442 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.11 energy = 4.42 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan  fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_interceptor_tdair rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus fallen_interdictor fallen_attack fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_ptolomy fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_5_J"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 42 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_low_634" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### RCS Mk. IV Stealth Thruster Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_4_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -145
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 589 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.48 energy = 5.89 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  adv_cruiser fed_exploration_cruiser_federation cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_5_K"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 43 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.55 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_low_634" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### RCS Mk. IV Stealth Thruster Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_4_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -195
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 785 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.97 energy = 7.85 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault assault_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_5_L"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 45 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.55 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_low_634" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### RCS Mk. IV Stealth Thruster Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_4_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -260
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1046 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.62 energy = 10.46 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship super_battleship xindi_weapon fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka xindi_planet_killer_degra fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_5_M"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 46 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.65 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_low_634" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### RCS Mk. IV Stealth Thruster Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_4_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -350
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1394 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.49 energy = 13.94 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_5_N"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 48 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.75 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_low_634" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### RCS Mk. IV Stealth Thruster Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_4_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -465
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1858 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 4.65 energy = 18.58 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_5_O"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 50 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_low_634" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}

### Cooled Mk. V Stealth Thruster Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_5_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -10
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 39 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.1 energy = 0.39 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_6_A"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 33 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_low_636" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Cooled Mk. V Stealth Thruster Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_5_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -15
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 52 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.13 energy = 0.52 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead miradorn_raider shuttle fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius kdf_shuttle_kivra rom_shuttle_tajen }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_6_B"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 34 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.45 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_low_636" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Cooled Mk. V Stealth Thruster Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_5_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -15
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 68 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.17 energy = 0.68 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette attack_ship fed_scout_malachowski fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_6_C"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 35 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.45 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_low_636" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Cooled Mk. V Stealth Thruster Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_5_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -25
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 91 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.23 energy = 0.91 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_raptor_qoj rom_bop_stanet bajoran_lightship yridian_destroyer klingon_houses_raptor_qoj fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_6_D"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 36 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.45 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_low_636" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Cooled Mk. V Stealth Thruster Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_5_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -30
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 121 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.31 energy = 1.21 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_jorek saber fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_frigate_galen }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_6_E"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 38 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.45 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_low_636" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Cooled Mk. V Stealth Thruster Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_5_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -40
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 162 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.41 energy = 1.62 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber kdf_raptor_jev kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_arhael ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant fed_carrier_engle }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_6_F"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 39 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_low_636" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Cooled Mk. V Stealth Thruster Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_5_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -55
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 215 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.54 energy = 2.15 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_hoover fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_warbird_stasek strike klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_6_G"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 41 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_low_636" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Cooled Mk. V Stealth Thruster Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_5_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -70
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 287 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.72 energy = 2.87 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tliss rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner amarie_cruiser la_sirena klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_6_H"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 42 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.55 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_low_636" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Cooled Mk. V Stealth Thruster Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_5_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -95
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 382 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.96 energy = 3.82 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_hero_ship_constitution fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_bop_pagh kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_gagarin fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_6_I"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 44 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.55 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_low_636" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Cooled Mk. V Stealth Thruster Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_5_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -125
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 509 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.28 energy = 5.09 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan  fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_interceptor_tdair rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus fallen_interdictor fallen_attack fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_ptolomy fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_6_J"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 45 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_low_636" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Cooled Mk. V Stealth Thruster Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_5_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -170
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 678 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.7 energy = 6.78 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  adv_cruiser fed_exploration_cruiser_federation cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_6_K"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 47 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.65 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_low_636" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Cooled Mk. V Stealth Thruster Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_5_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -225
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 904 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.26 energy = 9.04 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault assault_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_6_L"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 48 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.65 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_low_636" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Cooled Mk. V Stealth Thruster Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_5_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -300
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1205 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.02 energy = 12.05 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship super_battleship xindi_weapon fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka xindi_planet_killer_degra fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_6_M"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 50 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.75 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_low_636" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Cooled Mk. V Stealth Thruster Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_5_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -400
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1606 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 4.02 energy = 16.06 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_6_N"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 52 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_low_636" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Cooled Mk. V Stealth Thruster Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_5_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -535
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2141 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 5.36 energy = 21.41 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_6_O"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 54 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_low_636" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}

### Masked Mk. VI Stealth Thruster Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_6_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -10
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 49 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.13 energy = 0.49 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_7_A"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 38 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_masked_638" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Masked Mk. VI Stealth Thruster Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_6_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -15
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 65 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.17 energy = 0.65 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius kdf_shuttle_kivra rom_shuttle_tajen }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_7_B"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 39 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_masked_638" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Masked Mk. VI Stealth Thruster Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_6_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -20
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 86 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.22 energy = 0.86 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette attack_ship fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_7_C"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 41 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_masked_638" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Masked Mk. VI Stealth Thruster Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_6_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -30
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 115 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.29 energy = 1.15 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_7_D"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 42 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_masked_638" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Masked Mk. VI Stealth Thruster Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_6_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -40
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 153 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.39 energy = 1.53 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger rom_bop_jorek saber fed_frigate_california fed_frigate_galen }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_7_E"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 44 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.65 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_masked_638" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Masked Mk. VI Stealth Thruster Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_6_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -50
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 204 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.51 energy = 2.04 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_saber kdf_raptor_jev rom_bop_arhael ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_7_F"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 45 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.65 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_masked_638" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Masked Mk. VI Stealth Thruster Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_6_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -70
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 272 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.68 energy = 2.72 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mmv_norway kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath strike klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_7_G"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 47 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.65 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_masked_638" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Masked Mk. VI Stealth Thruster Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_6_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -90
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 362 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.91 energy = 3.62 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion steamrunner la_sirena fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_7_H"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 48 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_masked_638" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Masked Mk. VI Stealth Thruster Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_6_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -120
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 483 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.21 energy = 4.83 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_bop_pagh kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_kanassarum sovereign exploration_cruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_gagarin fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_7_I"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 50 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.75 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_masked_638" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Masked Mk. VI Stealth Thruster Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_6_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -160
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 644 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.61 energy = 6.44 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan  fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_interceptor_tdair rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus fallen_interdictor fallen_attack fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_7_J"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 52 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.75 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_masked_638" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Masked Mk. VI Stealth Thruster Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_6_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -215
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 858 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.15 energy = 8.58 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  adv_cruiser fed_exploration_cruiser_federation cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_7_K"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 54 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_masked_638" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Masked Mk. VI Stealth Thruster Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_6_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -285
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1143 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.86 energy = 11.43 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault assault_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_7_L"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 56 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_masked_638" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Masked Mk. VI Stealth Thruster Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_6_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -380
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1524 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.81 energy = 15.24 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship super_battleship xindi_weapon fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka xindi_planet_killer_degra fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_7_M"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 58 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_masked_638" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Masked Mk. VI Stealth Thruster Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_6_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -510
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2031 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 5.08 energy = 20.31 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_7_N"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 60 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.95 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_masked_638" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Masked Mk. VI Stealth Thruster Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_6_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -675
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2707 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 6.77 energy = 27.07 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_7_O"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 62 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.05 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_masked_638" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}

### Paragravitic Mk. VII Stealth Thruster Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_7_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -15
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 54 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.14 energy = 0.54 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_8_A"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 40 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.65 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1505" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Paragravitic Mk. VII Stealth Thruster Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_7_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -20
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 72 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.18 energy = 0.72 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius kdf_shuttle_kivra rom_shuttle_tajen }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_8_B"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 42 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.65 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1505" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Paragravitic Mk. VII Stealth Thruster Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_7_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -25
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 95 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.24 energy = 0.95 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette attack_ship fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_8_C"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 43 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1505" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Paragravitic Mk. VII Stealth Thruster Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_7_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -30
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 127 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.32 energy = 1.27 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_8_D"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 45 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1505" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Paragravitic Mk. VII Stealth Thruster Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_7_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -40
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 169 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.43 energy = 1.69 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_challenger rom_bop_jorek saber fed_frigate_california fed_frigate_galen }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_8_E"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 46 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1505" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Paragravitic Mk. VII Stealth Thruster Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_7_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -55
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 226 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.57 energy = 2.26 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_saber rom_bop_arhael ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_8_F"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 48 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.75 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1505" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Paragravitic Mk. VII Stealth Thruster Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_7_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -75
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 300 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.75 energy = 3 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mmv_norway kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_raider_klalath strike klingon_houses_raider_klalath }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_8_G"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 50 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.75 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1505" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Paragravitic Mk. VII Stealth Thruster Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_7_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -100
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 400 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1 energy = 4 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_strike_ship_feklhr steamrunner la_sirena }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_8_H"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 52 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1505" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Paragravitic Mk. VII Stealth Thruster Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_7_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -135
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 533 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.34 energy = 5.33 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_bop_pagh kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_kanassarum sovereign exploration_cruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_gagarin fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_8_I"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 54 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1505" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Paragravitic Mk. VII Stealth Thruster Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_7_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -180
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 711 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.78 energy = 7.11 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan  fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_interceptor_tdair rom_starbird_valkis fallen_interdictor fallen_attack fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_8_J"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 56 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.85 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1505" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Paragravitic Mk. VII Stealth Thruster Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_7_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -235
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 948 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.37 energy = 9.48 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  adv_cruiser cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_8_K"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 58 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1505" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Paragravitic Mk. VII Stealth Thruster Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_7_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -315
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1263 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.16 energy = 12.63 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault assault_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_8_L"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 60 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.85 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1505" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Paragravitic Mk. VII Stealth Thruster Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_7_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -420
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1683 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 4.21 energy = 16.83 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship super_battleship xindi_weapon fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka xindi_planet_killer_degra fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_8_M"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 62 ship_base_speed_mult = 1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1505" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Paragravitic Mk. VII Stealth Thruster Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_7_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -560
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2244 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 5.61 energy = 22.44 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_8_N"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 64 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.05 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1505" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Paragravitic Mk. VII Stealth Thruster Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_7_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -750
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2991 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 7.48 energy = 29.91 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_8_O"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 66 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1505" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}

### Subspace-Shifted Mk. VIII Stealth Thruster Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_8_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -15
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 59 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.15 energy = 0.59 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 43 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.75 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1506" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Subspace-Shifted Mk. VIII Stealth Thruster Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_8_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -20
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 79 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.2 energy = 0.79 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius kdf_shuttle_kivra rom_shuttle_tajen }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 44 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.75 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1506" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Subspace-Shifted Mk. VIII Stealth Thruster Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_8_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -25
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 104 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.26 energy = 1.04 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette attack_ship fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 46 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.75 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1506" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Subspace-Shifted Mk. VIII Stealth Thruster Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_8_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -35
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 139 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.35 energy = 1.39 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 48 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1506" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Subspace-Shifted Mk. VIII Stealth Thruster Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_8_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -45
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 185 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.47 energy = 1.85 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_challenger saber fed_frigate_california fed_frigate_galen }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 49 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1506" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Subspace-Shifted Mk. VIII Stealth Thruster Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_8_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -60
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 247 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.62 energy = 2.47 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_saber rom_bop_arhael ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 51 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1506" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Subspace-Shifted Mk. VIII Stealth Thruster Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_8_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -80
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 329 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.83 energy = 3.29 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mmv_norway kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_raider_klalath strike klingon_houses_raider_klalath }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 53 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.85 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1506" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Subspace-Shifted Mk. VIII Stealth Thruster Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_8_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -110
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 438 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.1 energy = 4.38 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort steamrunner la_sirena }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 55 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.85 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1506" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Subspace-Shifted Mk. VIII Stealth Thruster Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_8_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -145
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 584 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.46 energy = 5.84 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class kdf_bop_pagh kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_interceptor_tmara sovereign exploration_cruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 57 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1506" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Subspace-Shifted Mk. VIII Stealth Thruster Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_8_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -195
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 778 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.95 energy = 7.78 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan  fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_interceptor_tdair fallen_interdictor fallen_attack fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 59 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.95 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1506" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Subspace-Shifted Mk. VIII Stealth Thruster Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_8_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -260
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1037 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.6 energy = 10.37 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  adv_cruiser cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 61 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.95 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1506" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Subspace-Shifted Mk. VIII Stealth Thruster Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_8_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -345
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1382 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.46 energy = 13.82 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault assault_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 63 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.95 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1506" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Subspace-Shifted Mk. VIII Stealth Thruster Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_8_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -460
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1843 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 4.61 energy = 18.43 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship super_battleship xindi_weapon fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka xindi_planet_killer_degra fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 66 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.05 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1506" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Subspace-Shifted Mk. VIII Stealth Thruster Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_8_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -615
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2456 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 6.14 energy = 24.56 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 68 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.15 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1506" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Subspace-Shifted Mk. VIII Stealth Thruster Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_B_8_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_b_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -820
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 3274 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 8.19 energy = 32.74 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 71 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1506" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}

### Omni-Directional Impulse Type-1  - First Borg thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_1_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -15
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 38 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.14 energy = 0.54 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_scout science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer xcv330 military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_2_A"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 10  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_borg_thruster" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Impulse Type-2  - First Borg thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_1_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -20
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 50 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.18 energy = 0.72 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead miradorn_raider shuttle fed_shuttle_shuttlepod fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius kdf_shuttle_kivra rom_shuttle_tajen }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 10  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_borg_thruster" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Impulse Type-3  - First Borg thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_1_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -25
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 66 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.24 energy = 0.96 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_emette rom_bop_rea rom_hero_ship_mimicus borg_probe corvette attack_ship fed_scout_freedom fed_scout_malachowski fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion fed_frigate_discovery fed_attack_wing_nx_beta }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_2_C"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 11  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_borg_thruster" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Impulse Type-4  - First Borg thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_1_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -35
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 88 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.32 energy = 1.27 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_carrier_sarajevo fed_carrier_minuteman fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_raptor_qoj kdf_strike_ship_grethor rom_bop_stanet borg_scout bajoran_lightship yridian_destroyer klingon_houses_raptor_somraw klingon_houses_raptor_qoj undine_01_bio_frigate fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_2_D"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 11 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.05 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_borg_thruster" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Impulse Type-5  - First Borg thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_1_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -45
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 118 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.43 energy = 1.69 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_light_cruiser_intrepid_type fed_explorer_nx fed_mmv_poseidon fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_raptor_somraw kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_jorek saber destroyer fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_heavy_cruiser_yorktown fed_frigate_galen }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 12 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.05 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_borg_thruster" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Impulse Type-6  - First Borg thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_1_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -60
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 157 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.57 energy = 2.26 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_bonaventure fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber kdf_bop_borghel kdf_bop_blasrika kdf_raptor_jev kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_arhael rom_warbird_tellus ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant   fed_carrier_engle }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 12 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.05 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_borg_thruster" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Impulse Type-7  - First Borg thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_1_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -80
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 209 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.76 energy = 3.01 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_hoover fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_interceptor_tvaro rom_interceptor_arrenhe rom_warbird_stasek strike promellian_battlecruiser klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 12 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_borg_thruster" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Impulse Type-8  - First Borg thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_1_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -105
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 278 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1 energy = 4 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tliss rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner battleship amarie_cruiser la_sirena klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 13 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_borg_thruster" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Impulse Type-9  - First Borg thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_1_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -140
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 371 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.34 energy = 5.34 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_hero_ship_constitution fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_bop_pagh kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser cruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_gagarin fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 13 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.15 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_borg_thruster" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Impulse Type-10  - First Borg thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_1_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -185
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 494 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.78 energy = 7.11 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_interceptor_tdair rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus borg_pyramid fallen_interdictor fallen_attack fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha undine_01_bio_destroyer fed_carrier_ptolomy fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_2_J"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 14 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_borg_thruster" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Impulse Type-12  - First Borg thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_1_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -245
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 658 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.37 energy = 9.48 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  borg_sphere undine_01_bio_ship adv_cruiser titan fed_exploration_cruiser_federation cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian undine_01_bio_cruiser fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_2_K"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 14 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_borg_thruster" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Impulse Type-14  - First Borg thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_1_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -330
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 878 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.16 energy = 12.63 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak borg_diamond fallen_assault assault_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar undine_01_bio_raider }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_2_L"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 15 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_borg_thruster" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Impulse Type-16  - First Borg thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_1_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -440
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1170 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 4.21 energy = 16.84 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_cube }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_2_M"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 15 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_borg_thruster" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Impulse Type-18  - First Borg thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_1_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -585
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1559 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 5.62 energy = 22.45 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon borg_tactical undine_01_bio_behemoth undine_01_bio_warship }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_2_N"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 16 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_borg_thruster" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Impulse Type-20  - First Borg thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_1_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -780
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2078 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 7.48 energy = 29.92 }
   }
   size_restriction = { super_cube man_war colossus undine_01_bio_vanquisher time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_2_O"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 17 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.45 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_borg_thruster" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}

### Omni-Directional Impulse Array Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_2_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -15
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 44 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.16 energy = 0.64 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer xcv330 military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_3_A"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 13 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1523" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}

### Omni-Directional Impulse Array Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_2_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -30
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 78 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.29 energy = 1.13 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_probe }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_3_C"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 14 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1523" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Impulse Array Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_2_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -40
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 104 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.38 energy = 1.5 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_scout }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_3_D"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 14 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1523" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}

### Omni-Directional Impulse Array Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_2_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -220
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 584 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.1 energy = 8.4 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_pyramid }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_3_J"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 17 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.25 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1523" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Impulse Array Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_2_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -290
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 778 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.8 energy = 11.2 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_sphere }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_3_K"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 18 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1523" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Impulse Array Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_2_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -390
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1037 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.74 energy = 14.93 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_diamond }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_3_L"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 19 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1523" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Impulse Array Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_2_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -520
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1382 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 4.98 energy = 19.9 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_cube }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_3_M"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 19 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1523" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Impulse Array Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_2_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -690
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1842 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 6.64 energy = 26.53 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_tactical }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_3_N"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 20 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.45 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1523" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Impulse Array Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_2_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -920
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2456 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 8.84 energy = 35.36 }
   }
   size_restriction = { super_cube }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_3_O"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 21 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.55 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1523" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}

### Omni-Directional Impulse Array II Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_3_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -20
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 58 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.21 energy = 0.83 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer xcv330 military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_4_A"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 18 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.25 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1524" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 600
   }
}

### Omni-Directional Impulse Array II Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_3_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -40
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 102 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.37 energy = 1.47 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_probe }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_4_C"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 19 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.25 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1524" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 600
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Impulse Array II Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_3_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -50
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 136 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.49 energy = 1.96 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_scout }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_4_D"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 20 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1524" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 600
   }
}

### Omni-Directional Impulse Array II Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_3_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -285
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 763 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.75 energy = 10.99 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_pyramid }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_4_J"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 24 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.45 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1524" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 600
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Impulse Array II Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_3_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -380
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1017 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.67 energy = 14.65 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_sphere }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_4_K"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 25 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.45 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1524" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 600
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Impulse Array II Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_3_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -510
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1356 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 4.88 energy = 19.52 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_diamond }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_4_L"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 26 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.35 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1524" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 600
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Impulse Array II Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_3_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -680
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1807 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 6.51 energy = 26.02 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_cube }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_4_M"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 27 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.55 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1524" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 600
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Impulse Array II Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_3_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -905
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2409 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 8.68 energy = 34.69 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_tactical }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_4_N"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 28 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.65 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1524" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 600
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Impulse Array II Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_3_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1205
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 3211 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 11.56 energy = 46.24 }
   }
   size_restriction = { super_cube }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_4_O"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 29 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1524" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 600
   }
}

### Omni-Directional Impulse Array III Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_4_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -25
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 65 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.24 energy = 0.93 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer xcv330 military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_5_A"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 20 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1525" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 700
   }
}

### Omni-Directional Impulse Array III Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_4_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -45
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 114 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.42 energy = 1.65 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_probe }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_5_C"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 22 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.35 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1525" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 700
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Impulse Array III Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_4_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -55
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 152 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.55 energy = 2.19 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_scout }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_5_D"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 22 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.35 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1525" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 700
   }
}

### Omni-Directional Impulse Array III Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_4_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -320
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 853 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.07 energy = 12.28 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_pyramid }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_5_J"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 28 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1525" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 700
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Impulse Array III Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_4_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -425
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1137 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 4.1 energy = 16.37 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_sphere }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_5_K"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 29 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.55 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1525" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 700
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Impulse Array III Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_4_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -570
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1515 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 5.46 energy = 21.82 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_diamond }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_5_L"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 30 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1525" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 700
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Impulse Array III Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_4_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -755
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2020 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 7.27 energy = 29.08 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_cube }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_5_M"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 31 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.65 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1525" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 700
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Impulse Array III Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_4_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1010
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2692 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 9.7 energy = 38.77 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_tactical }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_5_N"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 32 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1525" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 700
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Impulse Array III Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_4_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1345
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 3589 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 12.92 energy = 51.67 }
   }
   size_restriction = { super_cube }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_5_O"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 33 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1525" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 700
   }
}

### Omni-Directional Impulse Array IV Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_5_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -25
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 71 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.26 energy = 1.03 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer xcv330 military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_6_A"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 23 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1526" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 800
   }
}

### Omni-Directional Impulse Array IV Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_5_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -45
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 126 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.46 energy = 1.82 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_probe }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_6_C"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 24 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1526" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 800
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Impulse Array IV Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_5_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -65
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 168 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.61 energy = 2.42 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_scout }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_6_D"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 25 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.45 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1526" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 800
   }
}

### Omni-Directional Impulse Array IV Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_5_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -355
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 943 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.4 energy = 13.57 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_pyramid }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_6_J"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 31 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1526" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 800
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Impulse Array IV Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_5_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -470
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1257 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 4.53 energy = 18.09 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_sphere }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_6_K"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 32 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.65 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1526" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 800
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Impulse Array IV Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_5_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -630
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1675 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 6.03 energy = 24.12 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_diamond }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_6_L"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 34 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1526" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 800
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Impulse Array IV Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_5_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -835
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2232 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 8.04 energy = 32.14 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_cube }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_6_M"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 35 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.75 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1526" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 800
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Impulse Array IV Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_5_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1115
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2976 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 10.72 energy = 42.85 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_tactical }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_6_N"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 36 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1526" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 800
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Impulse Array IV Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_5_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1485
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 3966 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 14.28 energy = 57.11 }
   }
   size_restriction = { super_cube }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_6_O"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 37 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.85 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1526" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 800
   }
}

### Omni-Directional Impulse Array V Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_6_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -30
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 85 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.31 energy = 1.22 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer xcv330 military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_7_A"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 28 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.55 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1527" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 900
   }
}

### Omni-Directional Impulse Array V Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_6_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -55
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 150 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.54 energy = 2.16 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_probe }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_7_C"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 30 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1527" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 900
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Impulse Array V Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_6_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -75
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 200 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.72 energy = 2.88 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_scout }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_7_D"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 31 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1527" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 900
   }
}

### Omni-Directional Impulse Array V Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_6_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -420
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1122 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 4.04 energy = 16.16 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_pyramid }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_7_J"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 38 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.75 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1527" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 900
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Impulse Array V Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_6_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -560
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1496 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 5.39 energy = 21.54 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_sphere }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_7_K"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 40 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1527" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 900
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Impulse Array V Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_6_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -745
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1994 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 7.18 energy = 28.71 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_diamond }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_7_L"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 41 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.65 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1527" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 900
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Impulse Array V Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_6_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -995
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2658 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 9.57 energy = 38.27 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_cube }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_7_M"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 43 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1527" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 900
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Impulse Array V Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_6_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1330
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 3542 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 12.76 energy = 51.01 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_tactical }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_7_N"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 44 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.95 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1527" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 900
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Impulse Array V Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_6_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1770
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 4722 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 17 energy = 67.99 }
   }
   size_restriction = { super_cube }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_7_O"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 46 ship_base_speed_mult = 1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1527" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 900
   }
}

### Omni-Directional Impulse Array VI Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_7_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -35
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 92 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.33 energy = 1.32 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer xcv330 military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_8_A"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 30 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.65 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_03116" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1000
   }
}

### Omni-Directional Impulse Array VI Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_7_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -60
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 162 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.59 energy = 2.34 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_probe }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_8_C"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 32 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.65 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_03116" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1000
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Impulse Array VI Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_7_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -80
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 216 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.78 energy = 3.11 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_scout }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_8_D"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 34 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_03116" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1000
   }
}

### Omni-Directional Impulse Array VI Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_7_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -455
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 560 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 4.37 energy = 17.45 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_pyramid }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_8_J"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 42 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.85 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_03116" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1000
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Impulse Array VI Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_7_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -605
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 790 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 5.82 energy = 23.26 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_sphere }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_8_K"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 43 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.85 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_03116" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1000
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Impulse Array VI Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_7_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -805
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 907 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 7.75 energy = 31 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_diamond }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_8_L"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 45 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_03116" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1000
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Impulse Array VI Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_7_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1075
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1128 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 10.34 energy = 41.33 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_cube }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_8_M"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 46 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.95 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_03116" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1000
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Impulse Array VI Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_7_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1435
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1378 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 13.78 energy = 55.09 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_tactical }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_8_N"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 48 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.05 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_03116" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1000
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Impulse Array VI Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_7_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1910
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1739 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 18.36 energy = 73.43 }
   }
   size_restriction = { super_cube }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_8_O"
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 50 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_03116" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1000
   }
}

### Omni-Directional Paragravitic Impulse Array Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_8_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -35
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 98 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.36 energy = 1.42 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer xcv330 military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 33 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_03117" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}

### Omni-Directional Paragravitic Impulse Array Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_8_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -65
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 174 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.63 energy = 2.51 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_probe }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 35 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.75 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_03117" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Paragravitic Impulse Array Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_8_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -85
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 232 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.84 energy = 3.34 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_scout }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 36 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.75 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_03117" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}

### Omni-Directional Paragravitic Impulse Array Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_8_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -490
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 700 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 4.69 energy = 18.74 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_pyramid }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 45 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_03117" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Paragravitic Impulse Array Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_8_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -650
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 856 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 6.25 energy = 24.98 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_sphere }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 47 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.95 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_03117" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Paragravitic Impulse Array Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_8_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -865
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1012 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 8.33 energy = 33.3 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_diamond }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 48 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_03117" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Paragravitic Impulse Array Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_8_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1155
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1168 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 11.1 energy = 44.39 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_cube }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 50 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.05 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_03117" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Paragravitic Impulse Array Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_8_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1540
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1246 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 14.8 energy = 59.17 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_tactical }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 52 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_03117" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Omni-Directional Paragravitic Impulse Array Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BORG_8_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_borg_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -2055
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2277 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 19.72 energy = 78.87 }
   }
   size_restriction = { super_cube }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = "aura_combat_slowdown"
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 54 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_03117" }
   component_set = "required_thruster"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
