####

### THRUSTERS

### Bio-Thruster Type-1  - First Undine thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_1_A
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_1
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -10
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 22 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.07 energy = 0.28 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_scout science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer xcv330 military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_2_A
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 24 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.25 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster Type-2  - First Undine thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_1_B
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_1
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -10
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 30 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.1 energy = 0.37 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead miradorn_raider shuttle fed_shuttle_shuttlepod fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture kdf_shuttle_kivra rom_shuttle_tajen }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 25 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.3 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster Type-3  - First Undine thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_1_C
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_1
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -15
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 39 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.13 energy = 0.5 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_emette rom_bop_rea rom_hero_ship_mimicus borg_probe corvette attack_ship fed_scout_freedom fed_scout_malachowski fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion fed_frigate_discovery fed_attack_wing_nx_beta }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 26 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.3 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster Type-4  - First Undine thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_1_D
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_1
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -20
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 52 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.17 energy = 0.66 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_raptor_somraw kdf_raptor_qoj rom_bop_stanet borg_scout bajoran_lightship yridian_destroyer klingon_houses_raptor_somraw klingon_houses_raptor_qoj undine_01_bio_frigate fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_2_D
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 27 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.35 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster Type-5  - First Undine thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_1_E
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_1
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -25
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 70 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.22 energy = 0.88 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_light_cruiser_intrepid_type fed_explorer_nx fed_mmv_poseidon fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_jorek saber destroyer fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_heavy_cruiser_yorktown fed_carrier_sarajevo fed_frigate_galen }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 28 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.35 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster Type-6  - First Undine thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_1_F
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_1
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -35
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 93 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.3 energy = 1.17 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_bonaventure fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber kdf_bop_borghel kdf_bop_blasrika kdf_raptor_jev kdf_raider_d6 kdf_strike_ship_grethor rom_bop_arhael rom_warbird_tellus ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_carrier_engle }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 29 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.4 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster Type-7  - First Undine thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_1_G
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_1
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -45
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 124 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.39 energy = 1.56 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_hoover fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_interceptor_tvaro rom_warbird_stasek strike promellian_battlecruiser klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 30 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.4 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster Type-8  - First Undine thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_1_H
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_1
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -60
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 165 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.52 energy = 2.07 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_heavy_escort_defiant kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tliss rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner battleship amarie_cruiser la_sirena klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_loknar fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 31 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.45 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster Type-9  - First Undine thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_1_I
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_1
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -80
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 219 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.69 energy = 2.76 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_hero_ship_constitution fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_bop_pagh kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser cruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne fed_explorer_century fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 32 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.5 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster Type-10  - First Undine thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_1_J
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_1
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -110
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 292 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.92 energy = 3.68 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_interceptor_tdair rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_pontilus borg_pyramid fallen_interdictor fallen_attack fed_mmv_springfield fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha undine_01_bio_destroyer fed_carrier_ptolomy fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_2_J
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 33 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.55 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster Type-12  - First Undine thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_1_K
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_1
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -145
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 389 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.23 energy = 4.9 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh borg_sphere undine_01_bio_ship adv_cruiser titan fed_exploration_cruiser_federation cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian undine_01_bio_cruiser fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_2_K
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 34 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.6 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster Type-14  - First Undine thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_1_L
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_1
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -195
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 519 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.64 energy = 6.53 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak borg_diamond fallen_assault assault_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar undine_01_bio_raider }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_2_L
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 35 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.7 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster Type-16  - First Undine thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_1_M
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_1
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -260
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 691 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.18 energy = 8.71 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_battleship undine_01_bio_infester }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_2_M
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 37 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.7 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster Type-18  - First Undine thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_1_N
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_1
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -345
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 921 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.91 energy = 11.61 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon borg_tactical undine_01_bio_behemoth undine_01_bio_warship }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_2_N
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 38 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.8 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster Type-20  - First Undine thruster
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_1_O
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_1
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -460
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1228 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.87 energy = 15.47 }
   }
   size_restriction = { super_cube man_war colossus undine_01_bio_vanquisher time_ship_annorax }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_2_O
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 39 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.9 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}

### Bio-Thruster II Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_2_A
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_2
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -10
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 29 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.1 energy = 0.37 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_scout science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer xcv330 military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_3_A
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 26 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.4 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_2 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster II Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_2_D
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_2
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -25
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 68 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.22 energy = 0.86 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_frigate }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_3_D
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 29 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.45 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_2 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster II Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_2_J
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_2
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -145
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 382 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.21 energy = 4.81 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_destroyer }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_3_J
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 36 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.65 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_2 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster II Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_2_K
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_2
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -190
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 509 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.61 energy = 6.41 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_ship undine_01_bio_cruiser }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_3_K
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 38 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.7 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_2 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster II Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_2_L
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_2
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -255
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 678 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.14 energy = 8.54 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_raider }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_3_L
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 39 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.8 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_2 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster II Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_2_M
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_2
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -340
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 904 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.85 energy = 11.39 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_battleship undine_01_bio_infester }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_3_M
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 41 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.85 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_2 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster II Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_2_N
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_2
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -450
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1205 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.8 energy = 15.18 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_behemoth undine_01_bio_warship }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_3_N
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 42 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.9 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_2 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster II Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_2_O
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_2
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -600
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1606 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 5.06 energy = 20.23 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_vanquisher }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_3_O
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 44 ship_base_speed_mult = 1 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_2 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}

### Bio-Thruster III Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_3_A
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_3
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -15
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 43 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.14 energy = 0.54 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_scout science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer xcv330 military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_4_A
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 31 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.6 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_3 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster III Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_3_D
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_3
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -35
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 100 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.32 energy = 1.26 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_frigate }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_4_D
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 35 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.65 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_3 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster III Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_3_J
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_3
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -210
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 561 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.77 energy = 7.07 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_destroyer }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_4_J
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 43 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.85 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_3 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster III Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_3_K
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_3
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -280
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 748 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.36 energy = 9.43 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_ship undine_01_bio_cruiser }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_4_K
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 45 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.9 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_3 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster III Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_3_L
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_3
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -375
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 997 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.14 energy = 12.56 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_raider }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_4_L
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 47 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.05 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_3 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster III Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_3_M
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_3
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -500
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1329 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 4.19 energy = 16.74 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_battleship undine_01_bio_infester }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_4_M
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 48 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.05 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_3 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster III Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_3_N
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_3
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -665
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1771 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 5.58 energy = 22.32 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_behemoth undine_01_bio_warship }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_4_N
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 50 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.15 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_3 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster III Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_3_O
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_3
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -885
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2361 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 7.44 energy = 29.75 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_vanquisher }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_4_O
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 52 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.25 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_3 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}

### Bio-Thruster IV Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_4_A
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_4
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -20
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 49 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.16 energy = 0.62 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_scout science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer xcv330 military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_5_A
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 34 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.7 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_4 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster IV Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_4_D
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_4
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -45
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 116 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.37 energy = 1.47 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_frigate }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_5_D
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 38 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.75 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_4 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster IV Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_4_J
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_4
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -245
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 651 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.05 energy = 8.2 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_destroyer }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_5_J
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 47 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.95 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_4 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster IV Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_4_K
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_4
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -325
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 868 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.74 energy = 10.93 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_ship undine_01_bio_cruiser }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_5_K
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 49 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.05 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_4 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster IV Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_4_L
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_4
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -435
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1157 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.65 energy = 14.57 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_raider }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_5_L
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 50 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.15 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_4 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster IV Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_4_M
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_4
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -580
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1542 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 4.86 energy = 19.42 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_battleship undine_01_bio_infester }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_5_M
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 52 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.15 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_4 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster IV Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_4_N
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_4
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -770
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2055 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 6.48 energy = 25.89 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_behemoth undine_01_bio_warship }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_5_N
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 54 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.25 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_4 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster IV Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_4_O
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_4
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1025
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2739 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 8.63 energy = 34.51 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_vanquisher }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_5_O
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 56 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.35 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_4 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}

### Bio-Thruster V Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_5_A
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_5
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -20
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 56 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.18 energy = 0.71 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_scout science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer xcv330 military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_6_A
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 36 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.85 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_5 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster V Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_5_D
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_5
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -50
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 132 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.42 energy = 1.67 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_frigate }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_6_D
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 41 ship_base_speed_mult = 0.9 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_5 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster V Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_5_J
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_5
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -280
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 741 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.34 energy = 9.33 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_destroyer }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_6_J
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 50 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.1 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_5 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster V Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_5_K
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_5
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -370
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 987 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.11 energy = 12.44 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_ship undine_01_bio_cruiser }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_6_K
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 52 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.15 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_5 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster V Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_5_L
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_5
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -495
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1316 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 4.15 energy = 16.58 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_raider }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_6_L
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 54 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.25 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_5 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster V Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_5_M
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_5
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -660
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1754 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 5.53 energy = 22.1 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_battleship undine_01_bio_infester }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_6_M
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 56 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.3 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_5 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster V Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_5_N
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_5
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -875
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2338 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 7.37 energy = 29.46 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_behemoth undine_01_bio_warship }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_6_N
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 58 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.35 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_5 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster V Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_5_O
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_5
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1170
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 3116 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 9.82 energy = 39.27 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_vanquisher }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_6_O
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 60 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.45 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_5 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}

### Bio-Thruster VI Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_6_A
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_6
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -25
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 70 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.22 energy = 0.88 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_scout science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer xcv330 military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_7_A
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 41 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.05 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_6 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster VI Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_6_D
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_6
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -60
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 164 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.52 energy = 2.07 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_frigate }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_7_D
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 46 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.1 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_6 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster VI Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_6_J
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_6
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -345
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 920 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.9 energy = 11.6 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_destroyer }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_7_J
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 57 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.3 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_6 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster VI Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_6_K
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_6
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -460
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1227 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.87 energy = 15.45 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_ship undine_01_bio_cruiser }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_7_K
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 59 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.35 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_6 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster VI Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_6_L
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_6
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -615
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1635 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 5.15 energy = 20.6 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_raider }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_7_L
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 62 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.45 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_6 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster VI Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_6_M
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_6
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -815
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2179 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 6.87 energy = 27.46 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_battleship undine_01_bio_infester }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_7_M
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 64 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.5 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_6 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster VI Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_6_N
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_6
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1090
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2905 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 9.15 energy = 36.6 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_behemoth undine_01_bio_warship }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_7_N
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 66 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.6 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_6 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster VI Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_6_O
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_6
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1450
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 3872 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 12.2 energy = 48.78 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_vanquisher }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_7_O
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 69 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.7 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_6 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}

### Bio-Thruster VII Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_7_A
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_7
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -30
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 76 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.24 energy = 0.96 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_scout science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer xcv330 military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_8_A
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 44 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.15 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_7 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster VII Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_7_D
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_7
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -65
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 180 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.57 energy = 2.27 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_frigate }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_8_D
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 49 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.2 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_7 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster VII Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_7_J
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_7
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -380
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1010 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.19 energy = 12.73 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_destroyer }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_8_J
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 61 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.4 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_7 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster VII Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_7_K
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_7
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -505
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1346 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 4.24 energy = 16.96 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_ship undine_01_bio_cruiser }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_8_K
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 63 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.45 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_7 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster VII Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_7_L
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_7
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -675
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1794 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 5.66 energy = 22.61 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_raider }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_8_L
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 65 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.55 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_7 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster VII Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_7_M
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_7
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -895
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2392 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 7.54 energy = 30.14 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_battleship undine_01_bio_infester }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_8_M
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 68 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.6 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_7 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster VII Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_7_N
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_7
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1195
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 3188 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 10.05 energy = 40.17 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_behemoth undine_01_bio_warship }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_8_N
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 70 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.7 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_7 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster VII Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_7_O
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_7
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1595
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 4250 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 13.39 energy = 53.54 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_vanquisher }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_8_O
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 73 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.8 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_7 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}

### Bio-Thruster VIII Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_8_A
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_8
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -30
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 83 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.27 energy = 1.05 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_scout science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer xcv330 military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 46 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.25 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_8 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster VIII Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_8_D
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_8
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -75
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 196 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.62 energy = 2.47 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_frigate }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 52 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.3 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_8 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster VIII Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_8_J
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_8
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -410
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1100 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.47 energy = 13.86 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_destroyer }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 64 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.55 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_8 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster VIII Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_8_K
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_8
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -550
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1466 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 4.62 energy = 18.47 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_ship undine_01_bio_cruiser }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 67 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.6 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_8 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster VIII Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_8_L
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_8
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -735
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1954 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 6.16 energy = 24.62 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_raider }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 69 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.65 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_8 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster VIII Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_8_M
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_8
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -975
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2604 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 8.21 energy = 32.81 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_battleship undine_01_bio_infester }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 72 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.7 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_8 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster VIII Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_8_N
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_8
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1300
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 3471 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 10.94 energy = 43.74 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_behemoth undine_01_bio_warship }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 74 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.8 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_8 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}
### Bio-Thruster VIII Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_THRUSTER_BIO_8_O
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_thruster_bio_8
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1735
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 4627 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 14.58 energy = 58.3 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_vanquisher }
   hostile_aura = {
      name = aura_combat_slowdown
      radius = 200
      apply_on = fleets
      stack_info = { id = traffic_aura priority = 100 }
      modifier = { ship_base_speed_mult = -0.5 }
   }
   modifier = {    ship_evasion_add = 77 ship_base_speed_mult = 1.9 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_thruster_8 }
   component_set = required_thruster
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1100
   }
}


### SHIELDS
### Psi Energy Field Type-1  - First Undine Shields
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_1_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -20
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 19 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.05 sr_crew = 0.18 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_scout science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer xcv330 military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_2_A"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 340 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 1.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field Type-2  - First Undine Shields
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_1_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -25
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 25 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.06 sr_crew = 0.24 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead bajoran_lightship miradorn_raider shuttle fed_shuttle_shuttlepod fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture kdf_shuttle_kivra rom_shuttle_tajen }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 450 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 1.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field Type-3  - First Undine Shields
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_1_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -35
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 33 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.08 sr_crew = 0.32 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_emette kdf_bop_borghel kdf_bop_blasrika kdf_strike_ship_grethor borg_probe corvette attack_ship ion_cannon borg_unimatrix_defense_small   fed_scout_freedom fed_scout_malachowski fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_frigate_discovery fed_attack_wing_nx_beta fed_scout_akyazi }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_2_C"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 600 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 2.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field Type-4  - First Undine Shields
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_1_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -45
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 44 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.11 sr_crew = 0.43 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_somraw kdf_raptor_qoj rom_bop_rea rom_hero_ship_mimicus borg_scout yridian_destroyer klingon_houses_raptor_somraw klingon_houses_raptor_qoj undine_01_bio_frigate }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_2_D"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 800 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 2.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field Type-5  - First Undine Shields
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_1_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -60
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 59 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.15 sr_crew = 0.57 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_light_cruiser_intrepid_type fed_explorer_nx fed_mmv_poseidon fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_stanet saber destroyer fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_heavy_cruiser_yorktown fed_carrier_sarajevo fed_frigate_galen }
   #upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_2_E"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 1070 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 3.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field Type-6  - First Undine Shields
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_1_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -80
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 79 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.19 sr_crew = 0.76 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_bonaventure fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_explorer_hoover kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_jev kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_jorek rom_interceptor_tvaro strike ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_carrier_engle }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 1400 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field Type-7  - First Undine Shields
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_1_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -105
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 105 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.26 sr_crew = 1.01 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_bop_arhael rom_interceptor_tliss rom_warbird_tellus promellian_battlecruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 1900 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 6.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field Type-8  - First Undine Shields
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_1_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -140
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 139 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.34 sr_crew = 1.34 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_heavy_escort_defiant kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_stasek rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner battleship amarie_cruiser la_sirena klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_loknar fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 2500 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 8.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field Type-9  - First Undine Shields
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_1_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -185
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 186 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.45 sr_crew = 1.78 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_hero_ship_constitution fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser cruiser military_station_small fed_explorer_century fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_2_I"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 3400 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 11.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field Type-10  - First Undine Shields
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_1_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -245
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 247 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.6 sr_crew = 2.37 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_valkis borg_pyramid military_station_medium fed_mmv_springfield fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha undine_01_bio_destroyer fed_carrier_ptolomy fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_2_J"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 4500 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 15.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field Type-12  - First Undine Shields
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_1_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -330
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 329 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.79 sr_crew = 3.16 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_starbird_kaskara rom_battleship_pontilus rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh borg_sphere undine_01_bio_ship fallen_interdictor fallen_attack assault_cruiser titan military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon fed_exploration_cruiser_federation undine_01_bio_cruiser fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_2_K"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 6000 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 20.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field Type-14  - First Undine Shields
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_1_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -440
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 439 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.06 sr_crew = 4.21 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex borg_diamond adv_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian undine_01_bio_raider fed_advanced_cruiser_obena }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_2_L"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 8000 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 27.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field Type-16  - First Undine Shields
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_1_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -585
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 585 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.41 sr_crew = 5.62 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_battleship undine_01_bio_infester }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_2_M"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 10600 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 36.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field Type-18  - First Undine Shields
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_1_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -780
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 780 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.88 sr_crew = 7.49 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon rom_sword_scimitar borg_tactical undine_01_bio_behemoth fallen_flagship xindi_weapon fed_ent_naval_museum starbase_outpost starbase_starport starbase_starhold starbase_starfortress starbase_citadel starbase_castle  starbase_terran_vanguard_01 jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one fed_dreadnought_vengeance undine_01_bio_warship xindi_planet_killer_degra future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_2_N"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 14200 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 48.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field Type-20  - First Undine Shields
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_1_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1040
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1039 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.5 sr_crew = 9.98 }
   }
   size_restriction = { super_cube man_war colossus undine_01_bio_vanquisher time_ship_annorax research_starbase deep_space_starbase nor_starbase_nor }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_2_O"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 18900 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 65.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}

### Psi Energy Field II Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_2_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -25
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 26 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.07 sr_crew = 0.25 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_scout science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer xcv330 military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_3_A"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 450 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 1.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_1" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field II Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_2_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -45
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 45 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.11 sr_crew = 0.44 }
   }
   size_restriction = { ion_cannon borg_unimatrix_defense_small }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_3_C"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 800 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 2.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_1" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field II Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_2_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -60
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 60 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.15 sr_crew = 0.58 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_frigate }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_3_D"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 1070 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 3.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_1" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field II Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_2_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -250
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 253 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.61 sr_crew = 2.43 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_station_small }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_3_I"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 4500 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 15.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_1" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field II Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_2_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -335
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 337 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.81 sr_crew = 3.24 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_station_medium undine_01_bio_destroyer }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_3_J"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 6000 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 20.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_1" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field II Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_2_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -450
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 449 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.08 sr_crew = 4.31 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_ship military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon undine_01_bio_cruiser }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_3_K"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 8000 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 27.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_1" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field II Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_2_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -600
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 598 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.44 sr_crew = 5.75 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_raider }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_3_L"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 10600 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 36.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_1" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field II Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_2_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -795
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 798 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.92 sr_crew = 7.66 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_battleship undine_01_bio_infester }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_3_M"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 14200 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 48.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_1" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field II Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_2_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1065
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1063 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.56 sr_crew = 10.21 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_behemoth fed_ent_naval_museum starbase_outpost starbase_starport starbase_starhold starbase_starfortress starbase_citadel starbase_castle  starbase_terran_vanguard_01 jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one undine_01_bio_warship future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_3_N"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 18900 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 65.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_1" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field II Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_2_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1415
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1417 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.4 sr_crew = 13.6 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_vanquisher research_starbase deep_space_starbase nor_starbase_nor }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_3_O"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 25200 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 86.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_1" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}

### Psi Energy Field III Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_3_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -30
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 29 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.07 sr_crew = 0.28 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_scout science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer xcv330 military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_4_A"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 510 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 1.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_2" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field III Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_3_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -50
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 51 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.13 sr_crew = 0.49 }
   }
   size_restriction = { ion_cannon borg_unimatrix_defense_small }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_4_C"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 900 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 3.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_2" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field III Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_3_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -70
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 68 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.17 sr_crew = 0.66 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_frigate }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_4_D"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 1200 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 4.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_2" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field III Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_3_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -285
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 287 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.69 sr_crew = 2.75 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_station_small }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_4_I"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 5000 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 17.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_2" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field III Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_3_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -380
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 382 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.92 sr_crew = 3.67 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_station_medium undine_01_bio_destroyer }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_4_J"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 6700 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 23.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_2" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field III Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_3_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -510
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 509 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.23 sr_crew = 4.89 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_ship military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon undine_01_bio_cruiser }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_4_K"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 9000 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 31 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_2" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field III Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_3_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -680
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 678 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.63 sr_crew = 6.51 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_raider }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_4_L"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 12000 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 41.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_2" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field III Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_3_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -905
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 904 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.17 sr_crew = 8.68 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_battleship undine_01_bio_infester }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_4_M"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 15900 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 55.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_2" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field III Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_3_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1205
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1205 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.9 sr_crew = 11.57 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_behemoth fed_ent_naval_museum starbase_outpost starbase_starport starbase_starhold starbase_starfortress starbase_citadel starbase_castle  starbase_terran_vanguard_01 jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one undine_01_bio_warship future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_4_N"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 21300 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 73.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_2" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field III Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_3_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1605
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1606 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.86 sr_crew = 15.42 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_vanquisher research_starbase deep_space_starbase nor_starbase_nor }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_4_O"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 28300 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 97.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_2" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}

### Psi Energy Field IV Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_4_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -30
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 33 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.08 sr_crew = 0.31 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_scout science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer xcv330 military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_5_A"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 560 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_3" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field IV Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_4_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -55
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 57 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.14 sr_crew = 0.55 }
   }
   size_restriction = { ion_cannon borg_unimatrix_defense_small }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_5_C"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 1000 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 3.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_3" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field IV Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_4_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -75
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 76 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.19 sr_crew = 0.73 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_frigate }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_5_D"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 1300 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 4.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_3" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field IV Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_4_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -320
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 320 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.77 sr_crew = 3.07 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_station_small }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_5_I"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 5600 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 19.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_3" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field IV Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_4_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -425
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 427 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.03 sr_crew = 4.1 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_station_medium undine_01_bio_destroyer }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_5_J"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 7500 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 25.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_3" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field IV Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_4_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -570
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 569 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.37 sr_crew = 5.46 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_ship military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon undine_01_bio_cruiser }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_5_K"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 10000 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 34.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_3" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field IV Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_4_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -755
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 758 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.82 sr_crew = 7.28 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_raider }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_5_L"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 13300 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 45.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_3" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field IV Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_4_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1010
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1010 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.43 sr_crew = 9.7 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_battleship undine_01_bio_infester }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_5_M"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 17700 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 61.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_3" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field IV Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_4_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1345
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1346 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.24 sr_crew = 12.93 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_behemoth fed_ent_naval_museum starbase_outpost starbase_starport starbase_starhold starbase_starfortress starbase_citadel starbase_castle  starbase_terran_vanguard_01 jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one undine_01_bio_warship future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_5_N"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 23600 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 81.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_3" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field IV Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_4_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1795
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1795 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 4.31 sr_crew = 17.23 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_vanquisher research_starbase deep_space_starbase nor_starbase_nor }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_5_O"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 31500 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 108.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_3" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}

### Psi Energy Field V Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_5_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -35
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 36 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.09 sr_crew = 0.35 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_scout science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer xcv330 military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_6_A"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 620 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 2.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_4" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field V Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_5_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -65
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 63 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.16 sr_crew = 0.61 }
   }
   size_restriction = { ion_cannon borg_unimatrix_defense_small }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_6_C"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 1100 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 3.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_4" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field V Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_5_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -85
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 84 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.21 sr_crew = 0.81 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_frigate }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_6_D"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 1500 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 5.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_4" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field V Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_5_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -355
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 354 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.85 sr_crew = 3.4 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_station_small }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_6_I"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 6200 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 21.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_4" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field V Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_5_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -470
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 472 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.14 sr_crew = 4.53 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_station_medium undine_01_bio_destroyer }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_6_J"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 8200 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 28.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_4" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field V Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_5_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -630
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 629 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.51 sr_crew = 6.03 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_ship military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon undine_01_bio_cruiser }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_6_K"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 11000 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 37.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_4" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field V Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_5_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -835
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 838 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.01 sr_crew = 8.04 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_raider }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_6_L"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 14600 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 50.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_4" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field V Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_5_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1115
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1116 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.68 sr_crew = 10.72 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_battleship undine_01_bio_infester }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_6_M"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 19500 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 67.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_4" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field V Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_5_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1490
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1488 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.58 sr_crew = 14.29 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_behemoth fed_ent_naval_museum starbase_outpost starbase_starport starbase_starhold starbase_starfortress starbase_citadel starbase_castle  starbase_terran_vanguard_01 jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one undine_01_bio_warship future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_6_N"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 26000 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 89.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_4" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field V Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_5_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1985
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1983 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 4.76 sr_crew = 19.04 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_vanquisher research_starbase deep_space_starbase nor_starbase_nor }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_6_O"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 34600 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 119.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_4" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}

### Psi Energy Field VI Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_6_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -40
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 43 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.11 sr_crew = 0.41 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_scout science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer xcv330 military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_7_A"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 730 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 2.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_5" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field VI Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_6_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -75
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 75 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.18 sr_crew = 0.72 }
   }
   size_restriction = { ion_cannon borg_unimatrix_defense_small }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_7_C"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 1300 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 4.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_5" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field VI Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_6_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -100
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 100 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.24 sr_crew = 0.96 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_frigate }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_7_D"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 1700 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_5" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field VI Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_6_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -420
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 421 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.01 sr_crew = 4.04 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_station_small }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_7_I"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 7300 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 25.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_5" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field VI Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_6_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -560
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 561 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.35 sr_crew = 5.39 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_station_medium undine_01_bio_destroyer }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_7_J"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 9700 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 33.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_5" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field VI Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_6_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -750
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 748 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.8 sr_crew = 7.18 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_ship military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon undine_01_bio_cruiser }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_7_K"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 13000 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 44.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_5" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field VI Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_6_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -995
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 997 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.4 sr_crew = 9.57 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_raider }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_7_L"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 17300 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 59.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_5" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field VI Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_6_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1330
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1329 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.19 sr_crew = 12.76 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_battleship undine_01_bio_infester }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_7_M"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 23000 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 79.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_5" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field VI Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_6_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1770
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1771 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 4.26 sr_crew = 17.01 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_behemoth fed_ent_naval_museum starbase_outpost starbase_starport starbase_starhold starbase_starfortress starbase_citadel starbase_castle  starbase_terran_vanguard_01 jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one undine_01_bio_warship future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_7_N"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 30700 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 105.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_5" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field VI Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_6_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -2360
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2361 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 5.67 sr_crew = 22.67 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_vanquisher research_starbase deep_space_starbase nor_starbase_nor }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_7_O"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 40900 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 141.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_5" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}

### Psi Energy Field VII Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_7_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -50
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 49 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.12 sr_crew = 0.48 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_scout science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer xcv330 military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_8_A"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 840 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_6" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field VII Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_7_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -85
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 87 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.21 sr_crew = 0.84 }
   }
   size_restriction = { ion_cannon borg_unimatrix_defense_small }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_8_C"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 1500 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 5.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_6" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field VII Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_7_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -115
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 116 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.28 sr_crew = 1.12 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_frigate }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_8_D"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 2000 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 6.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_6" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field VII Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_7_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -490
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 489 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.18 sr_crew = 4.69 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_station_small }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_8_I"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 8400 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 29.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_6" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field VII Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_7_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -650
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 651 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.57 sr_crew = 6.25 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_station_medium undine_01_bio_destroyer }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_8_J"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 11200 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 38.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_6" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field VII Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_7_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -865
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 868 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.09 sr_crew = 8.33 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_ship military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon undine_01_bio_cruiser }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_8_K"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 15000 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 51.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_6" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field VII Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_7_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1155
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1157 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.78 sr_crew = 11.1 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_raider }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_8_L"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 19900 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 68.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_6" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field VII Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_7_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1540
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1542 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.7 sr_crew = 14.8 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_battleship undine_01_bio_infester }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_8_M"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 26600 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 91.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_6" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field VII Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_7_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -2055
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2055 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 4.94 sr_crew = 19.73 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_behemoth fed_ent_naval_museum starbase_outpost starbase_starport starbase_starhold starbase_starfortress starbase_citadel starbase_castle  starbase_terran_vanguard_01 jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one undine_01_bio_warship future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_8_N"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 35400 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 122.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_6" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field VII Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_7_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -2740
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2739 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 6.58 sr_crew = 26.29 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_vanquisher research_starbase deep_space_starbase nor_starbase_nor }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_8_O"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 47200 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 162.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_6" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}

### Psi Energy Field VIII Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_8_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -50
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 53 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.13 sr_crew = 0.51 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_scout science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer xcv330 military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_9_A"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 900 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 3.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_7" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field VIII Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_8_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -95
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 93 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.23 sr_crew = 0.9 }
   }
   size_restriction = { ion_cannon borg_unimatrix_defense_small }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_9_C"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 1600 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 5.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_7" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field VIII Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_8_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -125
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 124 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.3 sr_crew = 1.2 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_frigate }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_9_D"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 2100 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 7.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_7" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field VIII Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_8_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -520
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 522 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.26 sr_crew = 5.01 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_station_small }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_9_I"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 9000 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 31 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_7" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field VIII Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_8_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -695
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 696 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.67 sr_crew = 6.68 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_station_medium undine_01_bio_destroyer }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_9_J"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 12000 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 41.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_7" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field VIII Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_8_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -925
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 928 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.23 sr_crew = 8.91 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_ship military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon undine_01_bio_cruiser }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_9_K"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 16000 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 55.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_7" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field VIII Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_8_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1235
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1236 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.97 sr_crew = 11.87 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_raider }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_9_L"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 21300 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 73.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_7" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field VIII Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_8_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1645
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1648 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.96 sr_crew = 15.82 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_battleship undine_01_bio_infester }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_9_M"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 28300 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 97.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_7" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field VIII Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_8_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -2195
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2196 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 5.28 sr_crew = 21.09 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_behemoth fed_ent_naval_museum starbase_outpost starbase_starport starbase_starhold starbase_starfortress starbase_citadel starbase_castle  starbase_terran_vanguard_01 jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one undine_01_bio_warship future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_9_N"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 37800 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 130.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_7" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field VIII Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_8_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -2925
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2928 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 7.03 sr_crew = 28.11 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_vanquisher research_starbase deep_space_starbase nor_starbase_nor }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_9_O"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 50400 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 173.8 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_7" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}

### Psi Energy Field IX Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_9_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -60
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 61 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.16 sr_crew = 0.64 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_scout science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer xcv330 military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 1010 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 3.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_8" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field IX Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_9_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -110
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 108 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.29 sr_crew = 1.13 }
   }
   size_restriction = { ion_cannon borg_unimatrix_defense_small }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 1800 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 6.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_8" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field IX Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_9_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -145
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 144 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.38 sr_crew = 1.5 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_frigate }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 2400 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 8.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_8" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field IX Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_9_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -605
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 606 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.58 sr_crew = 6.31 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_station_small }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 10100 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 34.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_8" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field IX Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_9_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -810
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 808 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.1 sr_crew = 8.4 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_station_medium undine_01_bio_destroyer }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 13500 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 46.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_8" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field IX Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_9_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1075
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1077 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.8 sr_crew = 11.2 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_ship military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon undine_01_bio_cruiser }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 17900 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 62 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_8" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field IX Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_9_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1435
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1436 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.74 sr_crew = 14.93 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_raider }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 23900 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 82.6 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_8" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field IX Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_9_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -1915
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1914 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 4.98 sr_crew = 19.9 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_battleship undine_01_bio_infester }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 31900 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 110.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_8" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field IX Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_9_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -2550
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2551 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 6.64 sr_crew = 26.53 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_behemoth fed_ent_naval_museum starbase_outpost starbase_starport starbase_starhold starbase_starfortress starbase_citadel starbase_castle  starbase_terran_vanguard_01 jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one undine_01_bio_warship future_starbase }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 42500 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 146.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_8" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Psi Energy Field IX Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_DEFENSE_BIO_9_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_defense_bio_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -3400
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 3400 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 8.84 sr_crew = 35.36 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_vanquisher research_starbase deep_space_starbase nor_starbase_nor }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_add = 56700 ship_shield_regen_add_static = 195.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_undine_defense_8" }
   component_set = "required_defense"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}


### HULL

### Living Hull Type-1  - First Undine hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_1_A
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_1
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 100 }
      upkeep = {  food = 0.47 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_scout military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_2_A
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 0.46 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 510 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 2.12 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_hull }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Living Hull Type-2  - First Undine hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_1_B
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_1
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 133 }
      upkeep = {  food = 0.63 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead transport bajoran_lightship miradorn_raider shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_shuttlepod fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion fed_attack_wing_nx_beta }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_2_B
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 0.62 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 680 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 2.82 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_hull }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Living Hull Type-3  - First Undine hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_1_C
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_1
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 176 }
      upkeep = {  food = 0.84 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_emette kdf_bop_borghel kdf_bop_blasrika kdf_strike_ship_grethor rom_bop_rea rom_hero_ship_mimicus borg_probe corvette constructor ion_cannon borg_unimatrix_defense_small   fed_scout_freedom fed_scout_malachowski fed_frigate_discovery }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_2_C
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 0.83 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 910 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 3.76 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_hull }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Living Hull Type-4  - First Undine hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_1_D
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_1
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 235 }
      upkeep = {  food = 1.11 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_somraw kdf_raptor_qoj rom_bop_stanet borg_scout science xcv330 yridian_destroyer civ_raven klingon_houses_raptor_somraw klingon_houses_raptor_qoj undine_01_bio_frigate fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_2_D
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 1.1 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 1210 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 5.02 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_hull }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Living Hull Type-5  - First Undine hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_1_E
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_1
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 313 }
      upkeep = {  food = 1.48 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_light_cruiser_intrepid_type fed_explorer_nx fed_mmv_poseidon fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_jorek rom_interceptor_tvaro saber colonizer destroyer fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_heavy_cruiser_yorktown fed_carrier_sarajevo fed_frigate_galen }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_2_E
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 1.47 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 1610 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 6.69 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_hull }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Living Hull Type-6  - First Undine hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_1_F
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_1
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 417 }
      upkeep = {  food = 1.97 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_bonaventure fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_explorer_hoover fed_heavy_escort_defiant kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_jev kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_arhael rom_interceptor_tliss rom_warbird_tellus strike sponsored_colonizer ENT_seleya ENT_kumari la_sirena fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_carrier_engle }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_2_F
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 1.95 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 1200 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 8.91 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_hull }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Living Hull Type-7  - First Undine hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_1_G
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_1
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 556 }
      upkeep = {  food = 2.63 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_stasek promellian_battlecruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod }
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 2.6 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 2860 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 11.88 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_hull }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Living Hull Type-8  - First Undine hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_1_H
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_1
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 741 }
      upkeep = {  food = 3.5 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner battleship amarie_cruiser  klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_loknar fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 3.47 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 3820 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 15.84 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_hull }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Living Hull Type-9  - First Undine hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_1_I
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_1
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 988 }
      upkeep = {  food = 4.67 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_hero_ship_constitution kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser cruiser military_station_small fed_carrier_sydney fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_mobile_carrier_typhon fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_2_I
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 4.63 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 5090 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 21.11 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_hull }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Living Hull Type-10  - First Undine hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_1_J
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_1
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 1317 }
      upkeep = {  food = 6.22 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_pontilus borg_pyramid fallen_interdictor fallen_attack military_station_medium fed_mmv_springfield fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha undine_01_bio_destroyer fed_carrier_ptolomy }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_2_J
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 6.17 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 6780 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 28.14 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_hull }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Living Hull Type-12  - First Undine hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_1_K
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_1
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 1755 }
      upkeep = {  food = 8.3 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh borg_sphere undine_01_bio_ship assault_cruiser titan military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon fed_exploration_cruiser_federation undine_01_bio_cruiser fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_2_K
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 9040 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 37.51 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_hull }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Living Hull Type-14  - First Undine hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_1_L
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_1
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 2339 }
      upkeep = {  food = 11.06 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak borg_diamond fallen_assault adv_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian undine_01_bio_raider }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_2_L
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 10.96 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 12050 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 50 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_hull }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Living Hull Type-16  - First Undine hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_1_M
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_1
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 3118 }
      upkeep = {  food = 14.74 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_battleship undine_01_bio_infester }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_2_M
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 14.61 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 16060 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 66.66 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_hull }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Living Hull Type-18  - First Undine hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_1_N
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_1
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 4156 }
      upkeep = {  food = 19.64 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon borg_cube borg_tactical undine_01_bio_behemoth fed_ent_naval_museum jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one undine_01_bio_warship future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_2_N
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 19.48 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 21410 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 88.85 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_hull }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Living Hull Type-20  - First Undine hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_1_O
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_1
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 5540 }
      upkeep = {  food = 26.18 }
   }
   size_restriction = { super_cube man_war colossus undine_01_bio_vanquisher time_ship_annorax research_starbase deep_space_starbase nor_starbase_nor }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_2_O
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 25.97 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 28540 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 118.44 }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_hull }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}

### Adaptive Hull Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_2_A
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_2
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 115 }
      upkeep = {  food = 0.55 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_scout military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 military_defense_fed_4 }
   #upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_3_A
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 0.77 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 580 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 2.39 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02492 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Adaptive Hull Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_2_B
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_2
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 154 }
      upkeep = {  food = 0.73 }
   }
   size_restriction = { transport }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_3_B
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 1.03 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 770 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 3.19 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02492 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Adaptive Hull Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_2_C
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_2
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 204 }
      upkeep = {  food = 0.97 }
   }
   size_restriction = { constructor ion_cannon borg_unimatrix_defense_small }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_3_C
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 1.38 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 1020 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 4.25 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02492 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Adaptive Hull Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_2_D
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_2
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 272 }
      upkeep = {  food = 1.29 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science xcv330 civ_raven undine_01_bio_frigate }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_3_D
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 1.83 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 1360 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 5.66 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02492 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Adaptive Hull Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_2_E
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_2
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 363 }
      upkeep = {  food = 1.72 }
   }
   size_restriction = { colonizer }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_3_E
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 2.44 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 1820 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 7.55 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02492 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Adaptive Hull Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_2_F
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_2
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 484 }
      upkeep = {  food = 2.29 }
   }
   size_restriction = { sponsored_colonizer }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_3_F
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 3.26 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 1900 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 10.06 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02492 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}


### Adaptive Hull Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_2_I
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_2
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 1145 }
      upkeep = {  food = 5.41 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_station_small }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_3_I
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 7.71 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 5740 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 23.84 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02492 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Adaptive Hull Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_2_J
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_2
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 1526 }
      upkeep = {  food = 7.21 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_station_medium undine_01_bio_destroyer }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_3_J
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 10.28 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 7660 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 31.77 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02492 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Adaptive Hull Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_2_K
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_2
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 2034 }
      upkeep = {  food = 9.61 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_ship military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon undine_01_bio_cruiser }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_3_K
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 10210 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 42.35 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02492 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Adaptive Hull Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_2_L
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_2
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 2711 }
      upkeep = {  food = 12.81 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_raider }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_3_L
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 18.27 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 13600 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 56.46 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02492 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Adaptive Hull Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_2_M
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_2
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 3614 }
      upkeep = {  food = 17.08 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_battleship undine_01_bio_infester }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_3_M
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 24.36 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 18130 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 75.26 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02492 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Adaptive Hull Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_2_N
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_2
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 4817 }
      upkeep = {  food = 22.76 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_behemoth fed_ent_naval_museum jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one undine_01_bio_warship future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_3_N
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 32.47 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 24170 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 100.32 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02492 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Adaptive Hull Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_2_O
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_2
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 6421 }
      upkeep = {  food = 30.34 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_vanquisher research_starbase deep_space_starbase nor_starbase_nor }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_3_O
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 43.28 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 32220 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 133.72 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02492 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}

### Memory Hull Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_3_A
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_3
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 133 }
      upkeep = {  food = 0.63 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_scout military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_4_A
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 1.08 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 640 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 2.66 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02493 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Memory Hull Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_3_B
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_3
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 178 }
      upkeep = {  food = 0.84 }
   }
   size_restriction = { transport }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_4_B
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 1.44 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 860 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 3.55 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02493 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Memory Hull Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_3_C
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_3
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 236 }
      upkeep = {  food = 1.12 }
   }
   size_restriction = { constructor ion_cannon borg_unimatrix_defense_small }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_4_C
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 1.93 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 1140 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 4.73 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02493 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Memory Hull Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_3_D
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_3
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 315 }
      upkeep = {  food = 1.49 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science xcv330 civ_raven undine_01_bio_frigate }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_4_D
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 2.57 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 1520 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 6.31 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02493 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Memory Hull Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_3_E
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_3
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 420 }
      upkeep = {  food = 1.99 }
   }
   size_restriction = { colonizer }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_4_E
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 3.42 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 2030 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 8.41 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02493 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Memory Hull Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_3_F
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_3
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 559 }
      upkeep = {  food = 2.65 }
   }
   size_restriction = { sponsored_colonizer }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_4_F
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 4.56 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 2700 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 11.21 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02493 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}

### Memory Hull Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_3_I
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_3
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 1325 }
      upkeep = {  food = 6.26 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_station_small }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_4_I
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 10.8 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 6400 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 26.56 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02493 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Memory Hull Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_3_J
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_3
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 1765 }
      upkeep = {  food = 8.34 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_station_medium undine_01_bio_destroyer }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_4_J
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 14.4 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 8530 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 35.4 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02493 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Memory Hull Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_3_K
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_3
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 2353 }
      upkeep = {  food = 11.12 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_ship military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon undine_01_bio_cruiser }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_4_K
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 11370 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 47.19 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02493 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Memory Hull Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_3_L
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_3
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 3137 }
      upkeep = {  food = 14.82 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_raider }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_4_L
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 25.58 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 15160 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 62.91 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02493 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Memory Hull Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_3_M
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_3
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 4181 }
      upkeep = {  food = 19.76 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_battleship undine_01_bio_infester }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_4_M
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 34.1 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 20210 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 83.86 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02493 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Memory Hull Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_3_N
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_3
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 5573 }
      upkeep = {  food = 26.33 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_behemoth fed_ent_naval_museum jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one undine_01_bio_warship future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_4_N
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 45.45 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 26940 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 111.78 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02493 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Memory Hull Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_3_O
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_3
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 7429 }
      upkeep = {  food = 35.1 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_vanquisher research_starbase deep_space_starbase nor_starbase_nor }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_4_O
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 60.59 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 35900 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 149 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02493 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}

### Learning Hull Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_4_A
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_4
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 167 }
      upkeep = {  food = 0.79 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_scout military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_5_A
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 1.7 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 770 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 3.21 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02494 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Learning Hull Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_4_B
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_4
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 223 }
      upkeep = {  food = 1.05 }
   }
   size_restriction = { transport }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_5_B
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 2.27 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 1030 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 4.28 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02494 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Learning Hull Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_4_C
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_4
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 296 }
      upkeep = {  food = 1.4 }
   }
   size_restriction = { constructor ion_cannon borg_unimatrix_defense_small }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_5_C
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 3.03 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 1370 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 5.71 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02494 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Learning Hull Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_4_D
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_4
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 395 }
      upkeep = {  food = 1.87 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science xcv330 civ_raven undine_01_bio_frigate }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_5_D
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 4.03 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 1830 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 7.61 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02494 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Learning Hull Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_4_E
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_4
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 526 }
      upkeep = {  food = 2.49 }
   }
   size_restriction = { colonizer }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_5_E
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 5.38 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 2440 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 10.14 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02494 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Learning Hull Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_4_F
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_4
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 702 }
      upkeep = {  food = 3.32 }
   }
   size_restriction = { sponsored_colonizer }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_5_F
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 7.16 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 4200 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 13.51 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02494 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}

### Learning Hull Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_4_I
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_4
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 1661 }
      upkeep = {  food = 7.85 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_station_small }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_5_I
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 16.97 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 7710 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 32.01 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02494 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Learning Hull Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_4_J
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_4
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 2214 }
      upkeep = {  food = 10.46 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_station_medium undine_01_bio_destroyer }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_5_J
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 22.62 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 10280 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 42.67 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02494 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Learning Hull Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_4_K
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_4
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 2951 }
      upkeep = {  food = 13.95 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_ship military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon undine_01_bio_cruiser }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_5_K
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 13700 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 56.87 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02494 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Learning Hull Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_4_L
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_4
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 3934 }
      upkeep = {  food = 18.59 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_raider }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_5_L
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 40.2 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 18270 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 75.81 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02494 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Learning Hull Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_4_M
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_4
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 5244 }
      upkeep = {  food = 24.78 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_battleship undine_01_bio_infester }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_5_M
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 53.58 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 24350 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 101.06 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02494 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Learning Hull Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_4_N
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_4
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 6990 }
      upkeep = {  food = 33.03 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_behemoth fed_ent_naval_museum jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one undine_01_bio_warship future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_5_N
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 71.43 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 32460 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 134.71 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02494 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Learning Hull Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_4_O
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_4
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 9317 }
      upkeep = {  food = 44.03 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_vanquisher research_starbase deep_space_starbase nor_starbase_nor }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_5_O
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 95.21 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 43270 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 179.57 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02494 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}

### Aware Hull Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_5_A
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_5
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 183 }
      upkeep = {  food = 0.87 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_scout military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_6_A
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 2.01 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 840 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 3.48 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02495 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Aware Hull Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_5_B
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_5
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 244 }
      upkeep = {  food = 1.15 }
   }
   size_restriction = { transport }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_6_B
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 2.68 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 1120 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 4.64 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02495 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Aware Hull Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_5_C
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_5
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 324 }
      upkeep = {  food = 1.54 }
   }
   size_restriction = { constructor ion_cannon borg_unimatrix_defense_small }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_6_C
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 3.58 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 1490 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 6.19 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02495 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Aware Hull Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_5_D
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_5
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 432 }
      upkeep = {  food = 2.05 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science xcv330 civ_raven undine_01_bio_frigate }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_6_D
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 4.77 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 1990 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 8.25 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02495 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Aware Hull Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_5_E
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_5
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 576 }
      upkeep = {  food = 2.73 }
   }
   size_restriction = { colonizer }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_6_E
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 6.35 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 2650 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 11 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02495 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Aware Hull Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_5_F
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_5
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 768 }
      upkeep = {  food = 3.63 }
   }
   size_restriction = { sponsored_colonizer }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_6_F
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 8.47 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 5000 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 14.66 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02495 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}

### Aware Hull Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_5_I
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_5
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 1818 }
      upkeep = {  food = 8.59 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_station_small }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_6_I
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 20.06 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 8370 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 34.73 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02495 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Aware Hull Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_5_J
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_5
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 2424 }
      upkeep = {  food = 11.45 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_station_medium undine_01_bio_destroyer }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_6_J
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 26.74 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 11160 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 46.3 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02495 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Aware Hull Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_5_K
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_5
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 3230 }
      upkeep = {  food = 15.27 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_ship military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon undine_01_bio_cruiser }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_6_K
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 14870 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 61.71 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02495 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Aware Hull Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_5_L
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_5
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 4306 }
      upkeep = {  food = 20.35 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_raider }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_6_L
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 47.51 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 19820 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 82.27 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02495 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Aware Hull Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_5_M
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_5
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 5740 }
      upkeep = {  food = 27.12 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_battleship undine_01_bio_infester }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_6_M
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 63.33 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 26420 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 109.66 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02495 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Aware Hull Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_5_N
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_5
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 7651 }
      upkeep = {  food = 36.15 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_behemoth fed_ent_naval_museum jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one undine_01_bio_warship future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_6_N
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 84.41 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 35220 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 146.18 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02495 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Aware Hull Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_5_O
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_5
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 10198 }
      upkeep = {  food = 48.19 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_vanquisher research_starbase deep_space_starbase nor_starbase_nor }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_6_O
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 112.52 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 46950 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 194.85 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02495 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}

### Hardened Hull Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_6_A
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_6
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 217 }
      upkeep = {  food = 1.03 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_scout military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_7_A
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 2.63 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 970 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 4.03 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02496 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Hardened Hull Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_6_B
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_6
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 289 }
      upkeep = {  food = 1.37 }
   }
   size_restriction = { transport }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_7_B
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 3.51 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 1290 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 5.37 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02496 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Hardened Hull Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_6_C
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_6
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 384 }
      upkeep = {  food = 1.82 }
   }
   size_restriction = { constructor ion_cannon borg_unimatrix_defense_small }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_7_C
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 4.68 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 1730 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 7.16 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02496 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Hardened Hull Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_6_D
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_6
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 512 }
      upkeep = {  food = 2.42 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science xcv330 civ_raven undine_01_bio_frigate }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_7_D
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 6.23 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 2300 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 9.55 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02496 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Hardened Hull Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_6_E
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_6
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 683 }
      upkeep = {  food = 3.23 }
   }
   size_restriction = { colonizer }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_7_E
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 8.31 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 3070 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 12.73 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02496 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Hardened Hull Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_6_F
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_6
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 910 }
      upkeep = {  food = 4.3 }
   }
   size_restriction = { sponsored_colonizer }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_7_F
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 11.07 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 6500 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 16.96 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02496 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}

### Hardened Hull Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_6_I
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_6
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 2155 }
      upkeep = {  food = 10.18 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_station_small }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_7_I
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 26.23 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 9680 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 40.18 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02496 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Hardened Hull Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_6_J
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_6
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 2872 }
      upkeep = {  food = 13.57 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_station_medium undine_01_bio_destroyer }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_7_J
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 34.96 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 12910 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 53.56 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02496 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Hardened Hull Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_6_K
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_6
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 3829 }
      upkeep = {  food = 18.09 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_ship military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon undine_01_bio_cruiser }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_7_K
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 17200 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 71.39 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02496 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Hardened Hull Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_6_L
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_6
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 5103 }
      upkeep = {  food = 24.12 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_raider }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_7_L
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 62.12 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 22930 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 95.17 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02496 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Hardened Hull Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_6_M
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_6
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 6802 }
      upkeep = {  food = 32.14 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_battleship undine_01_bio_infester }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_7_M
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 82.81 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 30570 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 126.86 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02496 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Hardened Hull Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_6_N
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_6
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 9067 }
      upkeep = {  food = 42.85 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_behemoth fed_ent_naval_museum jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one undine_01_bio_warship future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_7_N
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 110.39 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 40750 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 169.11 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02496 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Hardened Hull Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_6_O
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_6
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 12087 }
      upkeep = {  food = 57.11 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_vanquisher research_starbase deep_space_starbase nor_starbase_nor }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_7_O
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 147.14 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 54320 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 225.42 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02496 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}

### Self-Polarising Hull Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_7_A
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_7
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 235 }
      upkeep = {  food = 1.11 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_scout military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_8_A
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 2.94 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 1040 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 4.3 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02497 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Self-Polarising Hull Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_7_B
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_7
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 313 }
      upkeep = {  food = 1.48 }
   }
   size_restriction = { transport }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_8_B
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 3.92 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 1380 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 5.74 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02497 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Self-Polarising Hull Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_7_C
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_7
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 416 }
      upkeep = {  food = 1.97 }
   }
   size_restriction = { constructor ion_cannon borg_unimatrix_defense_small }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_8_C
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 5.23 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 1840 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 7.65 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02497 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Self-Polarising Hull Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_7_D
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_7
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 555 }
      upkeep = {  food = 2.63 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science xcv330 civ_raven undine_01_bio_frigate }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_8_D
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 6.96 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 2460 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 10.19 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02497 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Self-Polarising Hull Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_7_E
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_7
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 740 }
      upkeep = {  food = 3.5 }
   }
   size_restriction = { colonizer }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_8_E
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 9.28 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 3270 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 13.59 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02497 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Self-Polarising Hull Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_7_F
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_7
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 986 }
      upkeep = {  food = 4.66 }
   }
   size_restriction = { sponsored_colonizer }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_8_F
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 12.38 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 7300 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 18.11 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02497 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}

### Self-Polarising Hull Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_7_I
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_7
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 2334 }
      upkeep = {  food = 11.03 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_station_small }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_8_I
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 29.31 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 10340 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 42.9 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02497 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Self-Polarising Hull Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_7_J
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_7
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 3112 }
      upkeep = {  food = 14.7 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_station_medium undine_01_bio_destroyer }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_8_J
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 39.07 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 13780 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 57.19 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02497 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Self-Polarising Hull Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_7_K
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_7
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 4148 }
      upkeep = {  food = 19.6 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_ship military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon undine_01_bio_cruiser }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_8_K
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 18370 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 76.24 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02497 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Self-Polarising Hull Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_7_L
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_7
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 5528 }
      upkeep = {  food = 26.12 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_raider }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_8_L
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 69.43 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 24490 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 101.62 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02497 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Self-Polarising Hull Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_7_M
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_7
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 7369 }
      upkeep = {  food = 34.82 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_battleship undine_01_bio_infester }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_8_M
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 92.55 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 32640 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 135.46 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02497 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Self-Polarising Hull Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_7_N
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_7
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 9823 }
      upkeep = {  food = 46.42 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_behemoth fed_ent_naval_museum jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one undine_01_bio_warship future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_8_N
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 123.37 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 43510 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 180.57 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02497 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Self-Polarising Hull Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_7_O
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_7
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 13094 }
      upkeep = {  food = 61.87 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_vanquisher research_starbase deep_space_starbase nor_starbase_nor }
   upgrades_to = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_8_O
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 164.46 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 58000 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 240.7 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02497 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}

### Organic Diamond Hull Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_8_A
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_8
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 268 }
      upkeep = {  food = 1.27 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_scout military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 military_defense_fed_4 }
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 3.56 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 1170 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 4.85 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02498 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Organic Diamond Hull Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_8_B
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_8
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 358 }
      upkeep = {  food = 1.69 }
   }
   size_restriction = { transport }
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 4.74 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 1560 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 6.47 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02498 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Organic Diamond Hull Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_8_C
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_8
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 476 }
      upkeep = {  food = 2.25 }
   }
   size_restriction = { constructor ion_cannon borg_unimatrix_defense_small }
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 6.33 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 2080 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 8.62 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02498 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Organic Diamond Hull Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_8_D
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_8
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 635 }
      upkeep = {  food = 3 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science xcv330 civ_raven undine_01_bio_frigate }
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 8.43 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 2770 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 11.49 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02498 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Organic Diamond Hull Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_8_E
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_8
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 846 }
      upkeep = {  food = 4 }
   }
   size_restriction = { colonizer }
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 11.24 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 3690 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 15.31 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02498 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Organic Diamond Hull Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_8_F
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_8
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 1128 }
      upkeep = {  food = 5.33 }
   }
   size_restriction = { sponsored_colonizer }
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 14.98 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 8900 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 20.41 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02498 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}


### Organic Diamond Hull Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_8_I
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_8
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 2671 }
      upkeep = {  food = 12.62 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_station_small }
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 35.48 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 11650 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 48.35 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02498 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Organic Diamond Hull Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_8_J
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_8
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 3560 }
      upkeep = {  food = 16.82 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_station_medium undine_01_bio_destroyer }
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 47.3 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 15530 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 64.45 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02498 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Organic Diamond Hull Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_8_K
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_8
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 4746 }
      upkeep = {  food = 22.43 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_ship military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon undine_01_bio_cruiser }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 20700 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 85.92 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02498 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Organic Diamond Hull Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_8_L
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_8
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 6326 }
      upkeep = {  food = 29.89 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_raider }
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 84.05 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 27600 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 114.53 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02498 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Organic Diamond Hull Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_8_M
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_8
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 8432 }
      upkeep = {  food = 39.84 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_battleship undine_01_bio_infester }
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 112.04 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 36790 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 152.66 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02498 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Organic Diamond Hull Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_8_N
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_8
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 11240 }
      upkeep = {  food = 53.11 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_behemoth fed_ent_naval_museum jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one undine_01_bio_warship future_starbase }
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 149.35 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 49040 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 203.5 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02498 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Organic Diamond Hull Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = REQUIRED_HULL_BIO_8_O
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_required_hull_bio_8
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = {  food = 14982 }
      upkeep = {  food = 70.79 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_vanquisher research_starbase deep_space_starbase nor_starbase_nor }
   ship_modifier = {    ship_hull_regen_add_static = 199.08 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 65370 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 271.27 }
   prerequisites = { tech_society_02498 }
   component_set = required_hull
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}


# GENERATOR

### Fluidic Generator  - Unique to the Undine
utility_component_template = {
   key = UTILITY_REACTOR_UNDINE_1_SMALL
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_UTILITY_REACTOR_1_SMALL
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 80
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 15 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.04 energy = 0.14 }
   }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_reactor_1 }
   component_set = utility_reactor_undine_1
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_scout undine_01_bio_ship undine_01_bio_behemoth undine_01_bio_frigate undine_01_bio_destroyer undine_01_bio_cruiser undine_01_bio_raider undine_01_bio_battleship undine_01_bio_warship undine_01_bio_vanquisher undine_01_bio_infester }
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}
### Fluidic Generator  - Unique to the Undine
utility_component_template = {
   key = UTILITY_REACTOR_UNDINE_1_MEDIUM
   size = medium
   icon = GFX_ship_part_UTILITY_REACTOR_1_MEDIUM
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 80
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 15 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.04 energy = 0.14 }
   }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_reactor_1 }
   component_set = utility_reactor_undine_1
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_scout undine_01_bio_ship undine_01_bio_behemoth undine_01_bio_frigate undine_01_bio_destroyer undine_01_bio_cruiser undine_01_bio_raider undine_01_bio_battleship undine_01_bio_warship undine_01_bio_vanquisher undine_01_bio_infester }
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}
### Fluidic Generator  - Unique to the Undine
utility_component_template = {
   key = UTILITY_REACTOR_UNDINE_1_LARGE
   size = large
   icon = GFX_ship_part_UTILITY_REACTOR_1_LARGE
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 100
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 15 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.04 energy = 0.14 }
   }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_reactor_1 }
   component_set = utility_reactor_undine_1
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_scout undine_01_bio_ship undine_01_bio_behemoth undine_01_bio_frigate undine_01_bio_destroyer undine_01_bio_cruiser undine_01_bio_raider undine_01_bio_battleship undine_01_bio_warship undine_01_bio_vanquisher undine_01_bio_infester }
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}

### Fluidic Amplification Reactor 
utility_component_template = {
   key = UTILITY_REACTOR_UNDINE_2_SMALL
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_UTILITY_REACTOR_5_SMALL
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 140
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 35 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.08 energy = 0.31 }
   }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_reactor_2 }
   component_set = utility_reactor_undine_2
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_scout undine_01_bio_ship undine_01_bio_behemoth undine_01_bio_frigate undine_01_bio_destroyer undine_01_bio_cruiser undine_01_bio_raider undine_01_bio_battleship undine_01_bio_warship undine_01_bio_vanquisher undine_01_bio_infester }
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}
### Fluidic Amplification Reactor 
utility_component_template = {
   key = UTILITY_REACTOR_UNDINE_2_MEDIUM
   size = medium
   icon = GFX_ship_part_UTILITY_REACTOR_5_MEDIUM
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 140
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 35 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.08 energy = 0.31 }
   }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_reactor_2 }
   component_set = utility_reactor_undine_2
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_scout undine_01_bio_ship undine_01_bio_behemoth undine_01_bio_frigate undine_01_bio_destroyer undine_01_bio_cruiser undine_01_bio_raider undine_01_bio_battleship undine_01_bio_warship undine_01_bio_vanquisher undine_01_bio_infester }
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}
### Fluidic Amplification Reactor 
utility_component_template = {
   key = UTILITY_REACTOR_UNDINE_2_LARGE
   size = large
   icon = GFX_ship_part_UTILITY_REACTOR_5_LARGE
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 140
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 35 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.08 energy = 0.31 }
   }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_reactor_2 }
   component_set = utility_reactor_undine_2
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_scout undine_01_bio_ship undine_01_bio_behemoth undine_01_bio_frigate undine_01_bio_destroyer undine_01_bio_cruiser undine_01_bio_raider undine_01_bio_battleship undine_01_bio_warship undine_01_bio_vanquisher undine_01_bio_infester }
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}

### Fluidic Bio Reactor 
utility_component_template = {
   key = UTILITY_REACTOR_UNDINE_3_SMALL
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_UTILITY_REACTOR_7_SMALL
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 215
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 60 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.14 energy = 0.53 }
   }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_reactor_3 }
   component_set = utility_reactor_undine_3
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_scout undine_01_bio_ship undine_01_bio_behemoth undine_01_bio_frigate undine_01_bio_destroyer undine_01_bio_cruiser undine_01_bio_raider undine_01_bio_battleship undine_01_bio_warship undine_01_bio_vanquisher undine_01_bio_infester }
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}
### Fluidic Bio Reactor 
utility_component_template = {
   key = UTILITY_REACTOR_UNDINE_3_MEDIUM
   size = medium
   icon = GFX_ship_part_UTILITY_REACTOR_7_MEDIUM
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 215
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 60 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.14 energy = 0.53 }
   }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_reactor_3 }
   component_set = utility_reactor_undine_3
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_scout undine_01_bio_ship undine_01_bio_behemoth undine_01_bio_frigate undine_01_bio_destroyer undine_01_bio_cruiser undine_01_bio_raider undine_01_bio_battleship undine_01_bio_warship undine_01_bio_vanquisher undine_01_bio_infester }
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}
### Fluidic Bio Reactor 
utility_component_template = {
   key = UTILITY_REACTOR_UNDINE_3_LARGE
   size = large
   icon = GFX_ship_part_UTILITY_REACTOR_7_LARGE
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 215
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 60 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.14 energy = 0.53 }
   }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_reactor_3 }
   component_set = utility_reactor_undine_3
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_scout undine_01_bio_ship undine_01_bio_behemoth undine_01_bio_frigate undine_01_bio_destroyer undine_01_bio_cruiser undine_01_bio_raider undine_01_bio_battleship undine_01_bio_warship undine_01_bio_vanquisher undine_01_bio_infester }
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}

### Psi Projection Generator  - Unique to the Undine PK
utility_component_template = {
   key = UTILITY_REACTOR_UNDINE_FLUIDIC_SMALL
   size = small
   icon = GFX_ship_part_UTILITY_REACTOR_PERGIUM_SMALL
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 800
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 80 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.2 sr_pergium = 0.77 }
   }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_reactor_pk }
   component_set = utility_reactor_undine_fluidic
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_infester undine_01_bio_behemoth }
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}
### Psi Projection Generator  - Unique to the Undine PK
utility_component_template = {
   key = UTILITY_REACTOR_UNDINE_FLUIDIC_MEDIUM
   size = medium
   icon = GFX_ship_part_UTILITY_REACTOR_PERGIUM_MEDIUM
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 800
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 80 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.2 sr_pergium = 0.77 }
   }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_reactor_pk }
   component_set = utility_reactor_undine_fluidic
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_infester undine_01_bio_behemoth }
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}
### Psi Projection Generator  - Unique to the Undine PK
utility_component_template = {
   key = UTILITY_REACTOR_UNDINE_FLUIDIC_LARGE
   size = large
   icon = GFX_ship_part_UTILITY_REACTOR_PERGIUM_LARGE
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 800
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 80 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.2 sr_pergium = 0.77 }
   }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_reactor_pk }
   component_set = utility_reactor_undine_fluidic
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_infester undine_01_bio_behemoth }
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}

### Synaptic Processor I
utility_component_template = {
   key = utility_large_undine_tracking_1
   size = large
   icon = GFX_ship_part_utility_large_undine_tracking_1
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -30
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 20 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.05 energy = 0.18 }
   }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_tracking_1 }
   component_set = utility_large_undine_tracking_1
   upgrades_to = utility_large_undine_tracking_2
   modifier = { ship_tracking_add = 3 ship_accuracy_add = 3     }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_emette fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_light_cruiser_intrepid_type fed_light_cruiser_bonaventure fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_explorer_nx fed_explorer_hoover fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_poseidon fed_mmv_walker fed_mmv_constellation fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_hero_ship_nx fed_hero_ship_constitution fed_hero_ship_excelsior fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution fed_mobile_throne_charon fed_stealth_escort_modin fed_exploration_cruiser_luna kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a kdf_bop_borghel kdf_bop_blasrika kdf_bop_homcha kdf_bop_brel kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_somraw kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_raptor_jev kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_d6 kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_battlecruiser_norgh kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj kdf_warship_kvek kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang kdf_flagship_jehjhong kdf_raider_klalath kdf_raptor_qoj kdf_raider_sech kdf_battlecruiser_jach kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_grethor kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_bop_rea rom_hero_ship_mimicus rom_bop_stanet rom_bop_jorek rom_bop_arhael rom_interceptor_tvaro rom_interceptor_tliss rom_interceptor_tmara rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_tellus rom_warbird_stasek rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_starbird_tshen rom_starbird_debrune rom_starbird_valkis rom_starbird_kaskara rom_battleship_pontilus rom_battleship_dderidex rom_sword_scimitar rom_battleship_dkazanak rom_shrike_cruiser_decius rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh rom_shuttle_snakehead fallen_interdictor fallen_assault fallen_flagship fallen_attack corvette saber sovereign exploration_cruiser steamrunner adv_cruiser strike assault_cruiser super_battleship man_war science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer destroyer cruiser battleship titan colossus xcv330 promellian_battlecruiser bajoran_lightship miradorn_raider yridian_destroyer amarie_cruiser xindi_weapon military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 fed_ent_naval_museum ENT_seleya ENT_kumari la_sirena shuttle attack_ship military_station_small military_station_medium military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon ion_cannon jupiter_station  gen_science_station fed_mmv_springfield fed_frigate_california fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_explorer_cheyenne mckinley_station starbase_one fed_exploration_cruiser_federation civ_raven fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey   klingon_houses_raptor_somraw klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha klingon_houses_warship_neghvar klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_raptor_qoj klingon_houses_raider_sech klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach klingon_houses_warship_jejha cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian military_defense_fed_4 fed_dreadnought_vengeance fed_explorer_century fed_heavy_cruiser_yorktown fed_scout_freedom fed_scout_malachowski fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_shuttle_shuttlepod fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka xindi_planet_killer_degra fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_carrier_sarajevo fed_carrier_ptolomy fed_carrier_sydney fed_carrier_iwo_jima time_ship_annorax fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur fed_carrier_engle fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_mobile_carrier_typhon fed_mmv_loknar fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima fed_frigate_discovery fed_attack_wing_nx_beta fed_explorer_dauntless fed_scout_akyazi fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution future_starbase kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor borg_probe  borg_scout borg_pyramid borg_sphere borg_diamond borg_cube borg_tactical super_cube science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer xcv330 military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 fed_ent_naval_museum military_station_small military_station_medium military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon ion_cannon borg_unimatrix_defense_small jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 future_starbase undine_01_bio_scout undine_01_bio_ship undine_01_bio_behemoth science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer xcv330 military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 fed_ent_naval_museum military_station_small military_station_medium military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon ion_cannon borg_unimatrix_defense_small jupiter_station  gen_science_station  mckinley_station starbase_one civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 undine_01_bio_frigate undine_01_bio_destroyer undine_01_bio_cruiser undine_01_bio_raider undine_01_bio_battleship undine_01_bio_warship undine_01_bio_vanquisher undine_01_bio_infester future_starbase }
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 6
      modifier = {
         factor = 0.0
         resource_stockpile_compare = { resource = alloys value < 100 }
      }
   }
}

### Synaptic Processor II
utility_component_template = {
   key = utility_large_undine_tracking_2
   size = large
   icon = GFX_ship_part_utility_large_undine_tracking_2
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -50
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 15 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.03 food = 0.1 }
   }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_tracking_2 }
   component_set = utility_large_undine_tracking_2
   upgrades_to = utility_large_undine_tracking_3
   modifier = { ship_tracking_add = 6 ship_accuracy_add = 6     }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_explorer_hoover fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_walker fed_mmv_constellation fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_hero_ship_nx fed_hero_ship_constitution fed_hero_ship_excelsior fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution fed_mobile_throne_charon fed_stealth_escort_modin fed_exploration_cruiser_luna kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a kdf_bop_homcha kdf_bop_brel kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_raptor_jev kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_d6 kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_battlecruiser_norgh kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj kdf_warship_kvek kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang kdf_flagship_jehjhong kdf_raider_klalath kdf_raptor_qoj kdf_raider_sech kdf_battlecruiser_jach kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_bop_stanet rom_bop_jorek rom_bop_arhael rom_interceptor_tliss rom_interceptor_tmara rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_stasek rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_starbird_tshen rom_starbird_debrune rom_starbird_valkis rom_starbird_kaskara rom_battleship_pontilus rom_battleship_dderidex rom_sword_scimitar rom_battleship_dkazanak rom_shrike_cruiser_decius rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh rom_shuttle_snakehead fallen_interdictor fallen_assault fallen_flagship fallen_attack corvette saber sovereign exploration_cruiser steamrunner adv_cruiser strike assault_cruiser super_battleship man_war science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer bajoran_lightship miradorn_raider yridian_destroyer amarie_cruiser xindi_weapon military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 fed_ent_naval_museum ENT_seleya ENT_kumari la_sirena shuttle attack_ship military_station_small military_station_medium military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon ion_cannon jupiter_station  gen_science_station fed_mmv_springfield fed_frigate_california fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_explorer_cheyenne mckinley_station starbase_one fed_exploration_cruiser_federation civ_raven fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha klingon_houses_warship_neghvar klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_raptor_qoj klingon_houses_raider_sech klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach klingon_houses_warship_jejha cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian military_defense_fed_4 fed_dreadnought_vengeance fed_explorer_century fed_scout_malachowski fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka xindi_planet_killer_degra fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_carrier_ptolomy fed_carrier_sydney fed_carrier_iwo_jima time_ship_annorax fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur fed_carrier_engle fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_mobile_carrier_typhon fed_mmv_loknar fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima fed_explorer_dauntless fed_scout_akyazi fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution future_starbase kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor borg_probe  borg_scout borg_pyramid borg_sphere borg_diamond borg_cube borg_tactical super_cube science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer xcv330 military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 fed_ent_naval_museum military_station_small military_station_medium military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon ion_cannon borg_unimatrix_defense_small jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 future_starbase undine_01_bio_scout undine_01_bio_ship undine_01_bio_behemoth science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer xcv330 military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 fed_ent_naval_museum military_station_small military_station_medium military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon ion_cannon borg_unimatrix_defense_small jupiter_station  gen_science_station  mckinley_station starbase_one civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 undine_01_bio_frigate undine_01_bio_destroyer undine_01_bio_cruiser undine_01_bio_raider undine_01_bio_battleship undine_01_bio_warship undine_01_bio_vanquisher undine_01_bio_infester future_starbase }
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
      modifier = {
         factor = 0.0
         resource_stockpile_compare = { resource = alloys value < 100 }
      }
   }
}

### Synaptic Processor III
utility_component_template = {
   key = utility_large_undine_tracking_3
   size = large
   icon = GFX_ship_part_utility_large_undine_tracking_3
   icon_frame = 1
   power = -70
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 30 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.05 food = 0.2 }
   }
   prerequisites = { tech_undine_tracking_3 }
   component_set = utility_large_undine_tracking_3
   modifier = { ship_tracking_add = 9 ship_accuracy_add = 9     }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_challenger fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_constellation fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution fed_mobile_throne_charon fed_exploration_cruiser_luna kdf_gunboat_brel_a kdf_bop_brel kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_norgh kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj kdf_warship_kvek kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang kdf_flagship_jehjhong kdf_raider_klalath rom_bop_arhael rom_interceptor_tmara rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_starbird_kaskara rom_battleship_dderidex rom_sword_scimitar rom_battleship_dkazanak rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh rom_shuttle_snakehead fallen_interdictor fallen_assault fallen_flagship fallen_attack corvette saber sovereign exploration_cruiser steamrunner adv_cruiser strike assault_cruiser super_battleship man_war science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer xindi_weapon military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 fed_ent_naval_museum ENT_seleya ENT_kumari la_sirena shuttle attack_ship military_station_small military_station_medium military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon ion_cannon jupiter_station  gen_science_station fed_mmv_springfield fed_frigate_california fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_explorer_cheyenne mckinley_station starbase_one civ_raven fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha klingon_houses_warship_neghvar klingon_houses_raider_klalath cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian military_defense_fed_4 fed_explorer_century fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_scorpion cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka xindi_planet_killer_degra fed_carrier_iwo_jima time_ship_annorax fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_mobile_carrier_typhon fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles future_starbase cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor borg_probe  borg_scout borg_pyramid borg_sphere borg_diamond borg_cube borg_tactical super_cube science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer xcv330 military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 fed_ent_naval_museum military_station_small military_station_medium military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon ion_cannon borg_unimatrix_defense_small jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 future_starbase undine_01_bio_scout undine_01_bio_ship undine_01_bio_behemoth science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer xcv330 military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 fed_ent_naval_museum military_station_small military_station_medium military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon ion_cannon borg_unimatrix_defense_small jupiter_station  gen_science_station  mckinley_station starbase_one civ_raven military_defense_fed_4 undine_01_bio_frigate undine_01_bio_destroyer undine_01_bio_cruiser undine_01_bio_raider undine_01_bio_battleship undine_01_bio_warship undine_01_bio_vanquisher undine_01_bio_infester future_starbase }
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 208
      modifier = {
         factor = 0.0
         resource_stockpile_compare = { resource = alloys value < 100 }
      }
   }
}

 

 ### Bio-Armor I
 utility_component_template = {
	key = utility_small_undine_armor_1
	size = small
	icon = GFX_ship_part_utility_small_undine_armor_1
	icon_frame = 1
	power = -5
	resources = {
	   category = ship_components
	   cost = {  food = 3 }
	   upkeep = { alloys = 0.07 }
	}
	prerequisites = { tech_undine_hull }
	component_set = utility_small_undine_armor_1
	upgrades_to = utility_small_undine_armor_2
	modifier = { ship_armor_mult = 0.1 }
   valid_for_country = {is_undine_empire = yes }
	ai_weight = {
	   weight = 2
	   modifier = {
		  factor = 0.0
		  resource_stockpile_compare = { resource = alloys value < 100 }
	   }
	}
 }
 
### Bio-Armor II
 utility_component_template = {
	key = utility_small_undine_armor_2
	size = small
	icon = GFX_ship_part_utility_small_undine_armor_2
	icon_frame = 1
	power = -10
	resources = {
	   category = ship_components
	   cost = {  food = 4 }
	   upkeep = { alloys = 0.09 }
	}
	prerequisites = { tech_society_02492 }
	component_set = utility_small_undine_armor_2
	upgrades_to = utility_small_undine_armor_3
	modifier = { ship_armor_mult = 0.15 }
   valid_for_country = {is_undine_empire = yes }
	ai_weight = {
	   weight = 9
	   modifier = {
		  factor = 0.0
		  resource_stockpile_compare = { resource = alloys value < 100 }
	   }
	}
 }
 
### Bio-Armor III
 utility_component_template = {
	key = utility_small_undine_armor_3
	size = small
	icon = GFX_ship_part_utility_small_undine_armor_3
	icon_frame = 1
	power = -15
	resources = {
	   category = ship_components
	   cost = {  food = 5 }
	   upkeep = { alloys = 0.11 }
	}
	prerequisites = { tech_society_02493 }
	component_set = utility_small_undine_armor_3
	upgrades_to = utility_small_undine_armor_4
	modifier = { ship_armor_mult = 0.2 }
   valid_for_country = {is_undine_empire = yes }
	ai_weight = {
	   weight = 26
	   modifier = {
		  factor = 0.0
		  resource_stockpile_compare = { resource = alloys value < 100 }
	   }
	}
 }
 
### Bio-Armor IV
 utility_component_template = {
	key = utility_small_undine_armor_4
	size = small
	icon = GFX_ship_part_utility_small_undine_armor_4
	icon_frame = 1
	power = -20
	resources = {
	   category = ship_components
	   cost = {  food = 5 }
	   upkeep = { alloys = 0.1 }
	}
	prerequisites = { tech_society_02494 }
	component_set = utility_small_undine_armor_4
	upgrades_to = utility_small_undine_armor_5
	modifier = { ship_armor_mult = 0.25 }
   valid_for_country = {is_undine_empire = yes }
	ai_weight = {
	   weight = 76
	   modifier = {
		  factor = 0.0
		  resource_stockpile_compare = { resource = alloys value < 100 }
	   }
	}
 }
 
### Bio-Armor V
 utility_component_template = {
	key = utility_small_undine_armor_5
	size = small
	icon = GFX_ship_part_utility_small_undine_armor_5
	icon_frame = 1
	power = -25
	resources = {
	   category = ship_components
	   cost = {  food = 7 }
	   upkeep = { alloys = 0.2 }
	}
	prerequisites = { tech_society_02495 }
	component_set = utility_small_undine_armor_5
	modifier = { ship_armor_mult = 0.3 }
   valid_for_country = {is_undine_empire = yes }
	ai_weight = {
	   weight = 36
	   modifier = {
		  factor = 0.0
		  resource_stockpile_compare = { resource = alloys value < 100 }
	   }
	}
 }
 
### Tissue Regeneration
 utility_component_template = {
	key = utility_small_undine_regen_1
	size = small
	icon = GFX_ship_part_utility_small_undine_regen_1
	icon_frame = 1
	power = -5
	resources = {
	   category = ship_components
	   cost = {  food = 3 }
	   upkeep = { alloys = 0.06 }
	}
	prerequisites = { tech_society_02492 }
	component_set = utility_small_undine_regen_1
	upgrades_to = utility_small_undine_regen_2
	modifier = { ship_armor_regen_add_perc = 0.1 ship_hull_regen_add_perc = 0.1 }
   valid_for_country = {is_undine_empire = yes }
	ai_weight = {
	   weight = 4
	   modifier = {
		  factor = 0.0
		  resource_stockpile_compare = { resource = alloys value < 100 }
	   }
	}
 }
 
### Rapid Regeneration
 utility_component_template = {
	key = utility_small_undine_regen_2
	size = small
	icon = GFX_ship_part_utility_small_undine_regen_2
	icon_frame = 1
	power = -10
	resources = {
	   category = ship_components
	   cost = {  food = 4 }
	   upkeep = { alloys = 0.08 }
	}
	prerequisites = { tech_society_02493 }
	component_set = utility_small_undine_regen_2
	upgrades_to = utility_small_undine_regen_3
	modifier = { ship_armor_regen_add_perc = 0.2 ship_hull_regen_add_perc = 0.2 }
   valid_for_country = {is_undine_empire = yes }
	ai_weight = {
	   weight = 14
	   modifier = {
		  factor = 0.0
		  resource_stockpile_compare = { resource = alloys value < 100 }
	   }
	}
 }
 
### Superior Regeneration
 utility_component_template = {
	key = utility_small_undine_regen_3
	size = small
	icon = GFX_ship_part_utility_small_undine_regen_3
	icon_frame = 1
	power = -15
	resources = {
	   category = ship_components
	   cost = {  food = 4 }
	   upkeep = { alloys = 0.08 }
	}
	prerequisites = { tech_society_02494 }
	component_set = utility_small_undine_regen_3
	modifier = { ship_armor_regen_add_perc = 0.3 ship_hull_regen_add_perc = 0.3 }
   valid_for_country = {is_undine_empire = yes }
	ai_weight = {
	   weight = 36
	   modifier = {
		  factor = 0.0
		  resource_stockpile_compare = { resource = alloys value < 100 }
	   }
	}
 }
 

 ### Tactical Synapse I
 utility_component_template = {
	key = utility_undine_tactical_1
	size = medium
	icon = GFX_ship_part_utility_undine_tactical_1
	icon_frame = 1
   power = -15
	resources = {
	   category = ship_components
	   cost = { alloys = 15 }
	   upkeep = { alloys = 0.03 food = 0.12 }
	}
	prerequisites = { tech_society_space_393 }
	component_set = utility_undine_tactical_1
	upgrades_to = utility_undine_tactical_2
   valid_for_country = { is_undine_empire = yes }
	ship_modifier = { ship_weapon_range_mult = 0.06   }
	modifier = { ship_weapon_damage = 0.01   ship_armor_mult = 0.001   }
   class_restriction = { shipclass_starbase shipclass_military }
	ai_weight = {
	   weight = 4
	   modifier = {
		  factor = 0.0
		  resource_stockpile_compare = { resource = alloys value < 100 }
	   }
	}
 }
 
### Tactical Synapse II
 utility_component_template = {
	key = utility_undine_tactical_2
	size = medium
	icon = GFX_ship_part_utility_undine_tactical_2
	icon_frame = 1
   power = -30
	resources = {
	   category = ship_components
	   cost = { alloys = 35 }
	   upkeep = { alloys = 0.07 food = 0.28 }
	}
	prerequisites = { tech_undine_tracking_2 }
	component_set = utility_undine_tactical_2
	upgrades_to = utility_undine_tactical_3
   valid_for_country = { is_undine_empire = yes }
	ship_modifier = { ship_weapon_range_mult = 0.08   }
	modifier = { ship_weapon_damage = 0.02   ship_armor_mult = 0.001   }
   class_restriction = { shipclass_starbase shipclass_military }
	ai_weight = {
	   weight = 114
	   modifier = {
		  factor = 0.0
		  resource_stockpile_compare = { resource = alloys value < 100 }
	   }
	}
 }
 
### Tactical Synapse III
 utility_component_template = {
	key = utility_undine_tactical_3
	size = medium
	icon = GFX_ship_part_utility_undine_tactical_3
	icon_frame = 1
   power = -35
	resources = {
	   category = ship_components
	   cost = { alloys = 40 }
	   upkeep = { alloys = 0.08 food = 0.32 }
	}
	prerequisites = { tech_undine_tracking_3 }
	component_set = utility_undine_tactical_3
   valid_for_country = { is_undine_empire = yes }
	ship_modifier = { ship_weapon_range_mult = 0.1   }
	modifier = { ship_weapon_damage = 0.03   ship_armor_mult = 0.001   }
   class_restriction = { shipclass_starbase shipclass_military }
	ai_weight = {
	   weight = 264
	   modifier = {
		  factor = 0.0
		  resource_stockpile_compare = { resource = alloys value < 100 }
	   }
	}
 }