### Hulls


### Titanium Hull Type-1  - Real null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_1_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_basic_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 13 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.03 energy = 0.1 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_scout military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_2_A"
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}
### Titanium Hull Type-2  - Real null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_1_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_basic_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 18 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.04 energy = 0.13 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead transport bajoran_lightship miradorn_raider shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_shuttlepod fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion fed_attack_wing_nx_beta }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_2_B"
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}
### Titanium Hull Type-3  - Real null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_1_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_basic_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 23 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.05 energy = 0.17 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_emette kdf_bop_borghel kdf_bop_blasrika kdf_strike_ship_grethor rom_bop_rea rom_hero_ship_mimicus borg_probe corvette constructor ion_cannon borg_unimatrix_defense_small   fed_scout_freedom fed_scout_malachowski fed_frigate_discovery }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_2_C"
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}
### Titanium Hull Type-4  - Real null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_1_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_basic_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 31 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.06 energy = 0.22 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_carrier_minuteman fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_qoj rom_bop_stanet borg_scout science xcv330 yridian_destroyer civ_raven klingon_houses_raptor_somraw klingon_houses_raptor_qoj undine_01_bio_frigate fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_2_D"
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}
### Titanium Hull Type-5  - Real null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_1_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_basic_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 41 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.08 energy = 0.29 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_light_cruiser_intrepid_type fed_explorer_nx fed_mmv_poseidon fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_raptor_somraw kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_jorek rom_interceptor_tvaro rom_interceptor_arrenhe saber colonizer destroyer fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_heavy_cruiser_yorktown fed_carrier_sarajevo fed_frigate_galen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_2_E"
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}
### Titanium Hull Type-6  - Real null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_1_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_basic_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 55 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.1 energy = 0.39 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_bonaventure fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_explorer_hoover fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_jev kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_arhael rom_interceptor_tliss rom_warbird_tellus strike sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer ENT_seleya ENT_kumari la_sirena fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant fed_carrier_engle }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_2_F"
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}
### Titanium Hull Type-7  - Real null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_1_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_basic_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 73 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.13 energy = 0.51 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_stasek promellian_battlecruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_2_G"
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}
### Titanium Hull Type-8  - Real null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_1_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_basic_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 97 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.17 energy = 0.68 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner battleship amarie_cruiser  klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_2_H"
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}
### Titanium Hull Type-9  - Real null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_1_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_basic_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 130 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.23 energy = 0.91 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_hero_ship_constitution kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser cruiser military_station_small fed_carrier_sydney fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_2_I"
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}
### Titanium Hull Type-10  - Real null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_1_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_basic_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 173 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.31 energy = 1.21 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus borg_pyramid fallen_interdictor fallen_attack military_station_medium fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha undine_01_bio_destroyer fed_carrier_ptolomy }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_2_J"
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}
### Titanium Hull Type-12  - Real null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_1_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_basic_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 230 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.41 energy = 1.61 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  borg_sphere undine_01_bio_ship assault_cruiser titan military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station fed_exploration_cruiser_federation undine_01_bio_cruiser fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_2_K"
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}
### Titanium Hull Type-14  - Real null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_1_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_basic_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 306 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.54 energy = 2.14 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak borg_diamond fallen_assault adv_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian undine_01_bio_raider }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_2_L"
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}
### Titanium Hull Type-16  - Real null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_1_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_basic_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 408 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.72 energy = 2.86 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship super_battleship xindi_weapon fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance undine_01_bio_battleship undine_01_bio_infester cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka xindi_planet_killer_degra fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_2_M"
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}
### Titanium Hull Type-18  - Real null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_1_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_basic_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 544 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.96 energy = 3.81 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon borg_cube borg_tactical undine_01_bio_behemoth fed_ent_naval_museum jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one undine_01_bio_warship future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_2_N"
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}
### Titanium Hull Type-20  - Real null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_1_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_basic_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 724 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.27 energy = 5.07 }
   }
   size_restriction = { super_cube man_war colossus undine_01_bio_vanquisher time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar research_starbase deep_space_starbase nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_2_O"
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1
   }
}

### Tritanium Hull Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_2_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_basic_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 21 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.05 energy = 0.17 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_3_A"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 30  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_trititanium_613" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 2
   }
}
### Tritanium Hull Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_2_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_basic_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 28 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.06 energy = 0.22 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead transport bajoran_lightship miradorn_raider shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_shuttlepod fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion fed_attack_wing_nx_beta }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_3_B"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 40  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_trititanium_613" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 2
   }
}
### Tritanium Hull Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_2_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_basic_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 36 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.08 energy = 0.29 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_emette kdf_bop_borghel kdf_bop_blasrika kdf_strike_ship_grethor rom_bop_rea rom_hero_ship_mimicus corvette constructor ion_cannon fed_scout_freedom fed_scout_malachowski fed_frigate_discovery }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_3_C"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 50  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_trititanium_613" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 2
   }
}
### Tritanium Hull Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_2_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_basic_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 48 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.1 energy = 0.39 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_carrier_minuteman fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_qoj rom_bop_stanet science xcv330 yridian_destroyer civ_raven klingon_houses_raptor_somraw klingon_houses_raptor_qoj fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_3_D"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 70  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_trititanium_613" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 2
   }
}
### Tritanium Hull Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_2_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_basic_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 64 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.13 energy = 0.52 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_light_cruiser_intrepid_type fed_explorer_nx fed_mmv_poseidon fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_raptor_somraw kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_jorek rom_interceptor_tvaro rom_interceptor_arrenhe saber colonizer destroyer fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_heavy_cruiser_yorktown fed_carrier_sarajevo fed_frigate_galen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_3_E"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 100  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_trititanium_613" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 2
   }
}
### Tritanium Hull Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_2_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_basic_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 86 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.18 energy = 0.69 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_bonaventure fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_explorer_hoover fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_jev kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_arhael rom_interceptor_tliss rom_warbird_tellus strike sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer ENT_seleya ENT_kumari la_sirena fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant fed_carrier_engle }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_3_F"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 180  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_trititanium_613" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 2
   }
}
### Tritanium Hull Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_2_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_basic_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 114 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.23 energy = 0.91 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_stasek promellian_battlecruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_3_G"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 200  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_trititanium_613" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 2
   }
}
### Tritanium Hull Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_2_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_basic_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 152 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.31 energy = 1.22 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner battleship amarie_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_3_H"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 270  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_trititanium_613" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 2
   }
}
### Tritanium Hull Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_2_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_basic_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 202 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.41 energy = 1.62 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_hero_ship_constitution kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser cruiser military_station_small fed_carrier_sydney fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_3_I"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 380  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_trititanium_613" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 2
   }
}
### Tritanium Hull Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_2_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_basic_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 270 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.54 energy = 2.16 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus fallen_interdictor fallen_attack military_station_medium fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_ptolomy }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_3_J"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 520  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_trititanium_613" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 2
   }
}
### Tritanium Hull Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_2_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_basic_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 359 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.72 energy = 2.88 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  assault_cruiser titan military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station fed_exploration_cruiser_federation fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_3_K"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 720  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_trititanium_613" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 2
   }
}
### Tritanium Hull Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_2_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_basic_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 479 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.96 energy = 3.83 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault adv_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_3_L"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 990  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_trititanium_613" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 2
   }
}
### Tritanium Hull Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_2_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_basic_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 638 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.28 energy = 5.11 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship super_battleship xindi_weapon fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka xindi_planet_killer_degra fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_3_M"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 1370  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_trititanium_613" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 2
   }
}
### Tritanium Hull Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_2_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_basic_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 851 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.71 energy = 6.81 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon fed_ent_naval_museum jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_3_N"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 1890  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_trititanium_613" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 2
   }
}
### Tritanium Hull Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_2_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_basic_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1134 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.27 energy = 9.07 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war colossus time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar research_starbase deep_space_starbase  nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_3_O"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 2620  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_trititanium_613" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 2
   }
}

### Tritanium-Magnesite Hull Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_3_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_basic_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 24 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.05 energy = 0.19 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 military_defense_fed_4 }
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 50  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13076" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 3
   }
}
### Tritanium-Magnesite Hull Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_3_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_basic_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 32 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.07 energy = 0.26 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead transport bajoran_lightship miradorn_raider shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_shuttlepod fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion fed_attack_wing_nx_beta }
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 70  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13076" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 3
   }
}
### Tritanium-Magnesite Hull Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_3_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_basic_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 42 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.09 energy = 0.34 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_emette kdf_bop_borghel kdf_bop_blasrika kdf_strike_ship_grethor rom_bop_rea rom_hero_ship_mimicus corvette constructor ion_cannon   fed_scout_freedom fed_scout_malachowski fed_frigate_discovery }
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 90  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13076" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 3
   }
}
### Tritanium-Magnesite Hull Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_3_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_basic_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 56 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.12 energy = 0.45 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_carrier_minuteman fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_qoj rom_bop_stanet science xcv330 yridian_destroyer civ_raven klingon_houses_raptor_somraw klingon_houses_raptor_qoj fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 120  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13076" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 3
   }
}
### Tritanium-Magnesite Hull Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_3_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_basic_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 75 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.15 energy = 0.6 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_light_cruiser_intrepid_type fed_explorer_nx fed_mmv_poseidon fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_raptor_somraw kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_jorek rom_interceptor_tvaro rom_interceptor_arrenhe saber colonizer destroyer fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_heavy_cruiser_yorktown fed_carrier_sarajevo fed_frigate_galen }
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 170  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13076" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 3
   }
}
### Tritanium-Magnesite Hull Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_3_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_basic_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 100 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.2 energy = 0.8 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_bonaventure fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_explorer_hoover fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_jev kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_arhael rom_interceptor_tliss rom_warbird_tellus strike sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer ENT_seleya ENT_kumari la_sirena fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant fed_carrier_engle }
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 260  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13076" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 3
   }
}
### Tritanium-Magnesite Hull Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_3_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_basic_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 133 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.27 energy = 1.07 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_stasek promellian_battlecruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod }
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 330  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13076" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 3
   }
}
### Tritanium-Magnesite Hull Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_3_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_basic_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 177 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.36 energy = 1.42 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner battleship amarie_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 450  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13076" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 3
   }
}
### Tritanium-Magnesite Hull Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_3_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_basic_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 236 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.48 energy = 1.89 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_hero_ship_constitution kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser cruiser military_station_small fed_carrier_sydney fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 630  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13076" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 3
   }
}
### Tritanium-Magnesite Hull Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_3_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_basic_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 315 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.63 energy = 2.52 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus fallen_interdictor fallen_attack military_station_medium fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_ptolomy }
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 870  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13076" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 3
   }
}
### Tritanium-Magnesite Hull Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_3_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_basic_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 419 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.84 energy = 3.35 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  assault_cruiser titan military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station fed_exploration_cruiser_federation fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 1200  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13076" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 3
   }
}
### Tritanium-Magnesite Hull Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_3_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_basic_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 559 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.12 energy = 4.47 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault adv_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian }
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 1650  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13076" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 3
   }
}
### Tritanium-Magnesite Hull Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_3_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_basic_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 744 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.49 energy = 5.96 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship super_battleship xindi_weapon fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka xindi_planet_killer_degra fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 2280  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13076" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 3
   }
}
### Tritanium-Magnesite Hull Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_3_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_basic_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 992 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.99 energy = 7.94 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon fed_ent_naval_museum jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one future_starbase }
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 3160  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13076" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 3
   }
}
### Tritanium-Magnesite Hull Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BASIC_3_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_basic_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1322 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.65 energy = 10.58 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war colossus time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar research_starbase deep_space_starbase  nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 4360  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13076" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 3
   }
}

### Electro-Ceramic Hull Type-1  - First light/evasion hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_4_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 25 sr_magnesite = 1 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.11 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_5_A"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 50  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_light_609" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Electro-Ceramic Hull Type-2  - First light/evasion hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_4_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 33 sr_magnesite = 1 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.15 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead transport bajoran_lightship miradorn_raider shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_shuttlepod fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion fed_attack_wing_nx_beta }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_5_B"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 70  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_light_609" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Electro-Ceramic Hull Type-3  - First light/evasion hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_4_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 44 sr_magnesite = 1 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.2 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_emette kdf_bop_borghel kdf_bop_blasrika kdf_strike_ship_grethor rom_bop_rea rom_hero_ship_mimicus corvette constructor ion_cannon fed_scout_freedom fed_scout_malachowski fed_frigate_discovery }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_5_C"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 90  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_light_609" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Electro-Ceramic Hull Type-4  - First light/evasion hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_4_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 58 sr_magnesite = 2 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.26 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_carrier_minuteman fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_qoj rom_bop_stanet science yridian_destroyer civ_raven klingon_houses_raptor_somraw klingon_houses_raptor_qoj fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_5_D"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 120  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_light_609" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Electro-Ceramic Hull Type-5  - First light/evasion hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_4_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 77 sr_magnesite = 2 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.35 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_light_cruiser_intrepid_type fed_explorer_nx fed_mmv_poseidon fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_raptor_somraw kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_jorek rom_interceptor_tvaro rom_interceptor_arrenhe saber colonizer fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_heavy_cruiser_yorktown fed_carrier_sarajevo fed_frigate_galen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_5_E"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 170  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_light_609" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Electro-Ceramic Hull Type-6  - First light/evasion hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_4_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 103 sr_magnesite = 3 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.46 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_bonaventure fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_explorer_hoover fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_jev kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_arhael rom_interceptor_tliss rom_warbird_tellus strike sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer ENT_seleya ENT_kumari la_sirena fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant fed_carrier_engle }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_5_F"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 350  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_light_609" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Electro-Ceramic Hull Type-7  - First light/evasion hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_4_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 137 sr_magnesite = 4 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.61 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_stasek fed_explorer_cheyenne klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_5_G"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 330  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_light_609" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Electro-Ceramic Hull Type-8  - First light/evasion hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_4_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 182 sr_magnesite = 5 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.81 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner amarie_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_5_H"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 450  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_light_609" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Electro-Ceramic Hull Type-9  - First light/evasion hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_4_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 243 sr_magnesite = 6 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.08 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_hero_ship_constitution kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser military_station_small fed_carrier_sydney fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_5_I"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 630  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_light_609" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Electro-Ceramic Hull Type-10  - First light/evasion hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_4_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 324 sr_magnesite = 8 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.44 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus fallen_interdictor fallen_attack military_station_medium fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_ptolomy }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_5_J"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 870  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_light_609" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Electro-Ceramic Hull Type-12  - First light/evasion hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_4_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 431 sr_magnesite = 10 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.92 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  assault_cruiser military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station fed_exploration_cruiser_federation fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_5_K"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 1200  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_light_609" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Electro-Ceramic Hull Type-14  - First light/evasion hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_4_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 575 sr_magnesite = 13 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.56 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault adv_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_5_L"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 1650  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_light_609" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Electro-Ceramic Hull Type-16  - First light/evasion hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_4_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 766 sr_magnesite = 18 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.41 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship super_battleship xindi_weapon fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka xindi_planet_killer_degra fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_5_M"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 2280  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_light_609" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Electro-Ceramic Hull Type-18  - First light/evasion hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_4_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1021 sr_magnesite = 23 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 4.54 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon fed_ent_naval_museum jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_5_N"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 3160  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_light_609" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Electro-Ceramic Hull Type-20  - First light/evasion hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_4_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1360 sr_magnesite = 31 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 6.05 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar research_starbase deep_space_starbase  nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_5_O"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 4360  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_light_609" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}

### Paricium Hull Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_5_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 28 sr_magnesite = 2 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.14 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_6_A"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 80  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_magnesite_611" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Paricium Hull Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_5_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 37 sr_magnesite = 2 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.19 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead transport bajoran_lightship miradorn_raider shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_6_B"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 110  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_magnesite_611" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Paricium Hull Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_5_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 48 sr_magnesite = 3 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.24 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette constructor ion_cannon fed_scout_malachowski }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_6_C"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 150  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_magnesite_611" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Paricium Hull Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_5_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 64 sr_magnesite = 4 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.32 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_qoj rom_bop_stanet science yridian_destroyer civ_raven klingon_houses_raptor_qoj fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_6_D"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 210  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_magnesite_611" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Paricium Hull Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_5_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 86 sr_magnesite = 5 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.43 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_jorek saber colonizer fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_frigate_galen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_6_E"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 290  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_magnesite_611" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Paricium Hull Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_5_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 114 sr_magnesite = 6 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.57 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_explorer_hoover fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_jev kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_arhael rom_interceptor_tliss strike sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer ENT_seleya ENT_kumari la_sirena fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant fed_carrier_engle }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_6_F"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 530  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_magnesite_611" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Paricium Hull Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_5_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 152 sr_magnesite = 8 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.76 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_stasek fed_explorer_cheyenne klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_6_G"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 550  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_magnesite_611" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Paricium Hull Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_5_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 203 sr_magnesite = 11 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.02 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner amarie_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_6_H"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 760  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_magnesite_611" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Paricium Hull Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_5_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 270 sr_magnesite = 14 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.35 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_hero_ship_constitution kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser military_station_small fed_carrier_sydney fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_6_I"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 1040  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_magnesite_611" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Paricium Hull Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_5_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 359 sr_magnesite = 18 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.8 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus fallen_interdictor fallen_attack military_station_medium fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_ptolomy }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_6_J"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 1440  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_magnesite_611" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Paricium Hull Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_5_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 479 sr_magnesite = 24 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.4 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  assault_cruiser military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station fed_exploration_cruiser_federation fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_6_K"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 1990  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_magnesite_611" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Paricium Hull Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_5_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 638 sr_magnesite = 32 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.19 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault adv_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_6_L"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 2750  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_magnesite_611" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Paricium Hull Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_5_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 851 sr_magnesite = 43 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 4.26 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship super_battleship xindi_weapon fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka xindi_planet_killer_degra fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_6_M"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 3810  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_magnesite_611" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Paricium Hull Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_5_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1134 sr_magnesite = 57 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 5.67 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon fed_ent_naval_museum jupiter_station gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_6_N"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 5260  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_magnesite_611" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Paricium Hull Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_5_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1511 sr_magnesite = 76 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 7.56 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar research_starbase deep_space_starbase  nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_6_O"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 7270  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_magnesite_611" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}

### Magnesite-Paricium Hull Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_6_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 25 sr_magnesite = 4 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.17 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_7_A"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 110  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1460" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Magnesite-Paricium Hull Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_6_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 33 sr_magnesite = 5 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.22 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead transport shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_7_B"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 150  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1460" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Magnesite-Paricium Hull Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_6_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 44 sr_magnesite = 6 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.29 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette constructor ion_cannon }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_7_C"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 210  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1460" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Magnesite-Paricium Hull Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_6_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 58 sr_magnesite = 8 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.39 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science civ_raven fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_7_D"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 290  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1460" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Magnesite-Paricium Hull Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_6_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 77 sr_magnesite = 11 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.52 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger kdf_bop_brel rom_bop_jorek saber colonizer fed_frigate_california fed_frigate_galen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_7_E"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 400  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1460" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Magnesite-Paricium Hull Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_6_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 103 sr_magnesite = 14 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.69 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_jev rom_bop_arhael strike sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer ENT_seleya ENT_kumari la_sirena fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_7_F"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 700  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1460" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Magnesite-Paricium Hull Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_6_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 137 sr_magnesite = 19 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.91 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath rom_interceptor_tmara fed_explorer_cheyenne klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_7_G"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 770  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1460" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Magnesite-Paricium Hull Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_6_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 182 sr_magnesite = 25 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.22 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion steamrunner fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_7_H"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 1060  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1460" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Magnesite-Paricium Hull Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_6_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 243 sr_magnesite = 33 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.62 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_warbird_kanassarum sovereign exploration_cruiser military_station_small fed_carrier_sydney fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_7_I"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 1460  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1460" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Magnesite-Paricium Hull Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_6_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 324 sr_magnesite = 44 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.16 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus fallen_interdictor fallen_attack military_station_medium fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_7_J"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 2020  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1460" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Magnesite-Paricium Hull Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_6_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 431 sr_magnesite = 58 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.88 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  assault_cruiser military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station fed_exploration_cruiser_federation fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_7_K"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 2790  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1460" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Magnesite-Paricium Hull Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_6_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 575 sr_magnesite = 77 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.83 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault adv_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_7_L"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 3860  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1460" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Magnesite-Paricium Hull Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_6_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 766 sr_magnesite = 103 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 5.11 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship super_battleship xindi_weapon fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka xindi_planet_killer_degra fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_7_M"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 5330  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1460" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Magnesite-Paricium Hull Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_6_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1021 sr_magnesite = 137 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 6.81 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon fed_ent_naval_museum jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_7_N"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 7360  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1460" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Magnesite-Paricium Hull Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_6_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1360 sr_magnesite = 182 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 9.07 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar research_starbase deep_space_starbase  nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_7_O"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 10170  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1460" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}

### Magnesite-Monotanium Hull Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_7_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 18 sr_magnesite = 6 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.18 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_8_A"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 130  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_monotanium_617" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Magnesite-Monotanium Hull Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_7_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 24 sr_magnesite = 8 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.24 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead transport shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_8_B"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 170  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_monotanium_617" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Magnesite-Monotanium Hull Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_7_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 32 sr_magnesite = 10 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.32 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette constructor ion_cannon }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_8_C"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 240  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_monotanium_617" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Magnesite-Monotanium Hull Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_7_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 42 sr_magnesite = 13 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.42 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science civ_raven fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_8_D"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 330  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_monotanium_617" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Magnesite-Monotanium Hull Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_7_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 56 sr_magnesite = 17 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.56 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_challenger kdf_bop_brel rom_bop_jorek saber colonizer fed_frigate_california fed_frigate_galen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_8_E"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 460  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_monotanium_617" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Magnesite-Monotanium Hull Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_7_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 74 sr_magnesite = 23 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.74 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_bop_pagh rom_bop_arhael strike sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer ENT_seleya ENT_kumari la_sirena fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_8_F"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 800  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_monotanium_617" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Magnesite-Monotanium Hull Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_7_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 99 sr_magnesite = 30 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.99 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_raider_klalath rom_interceptor_tmara fed_explorer_cheyenne klingon_houses_raider_klalath fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_8_G"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 870  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_monotanium_617" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Magnesite-Monotanium Hull Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_7_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 132 sr_magnesite = 40 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.32 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tdair steamrunner }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_8_H"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 1210  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_monotanium_617" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Magnesite-Monotanium Hull Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_7_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 176 sr_magnesite = 53 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.76 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_warbird_kanassarum sovereign exploration_cruiser military_station_small fed_carrier_sydney fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_8_I"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 1670  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_monotanium_617" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Magnesite-Monotanium Hull Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_7_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 234 sr_magnesite = 70 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.34 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_starbird_valkis fallen_interdictor fallen_attack military_station_medium fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_8_J"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 2310  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_monotanium_617" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Magnesite-Monotanium Hull Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_7_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 312 sr_magnesite = 94 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.12 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  assault_cruiser military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_8_K"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 3190  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_monotanium_617" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Magnesite-Monotanium Hull Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_7_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 415 sr_magnesite = 125 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 4.15 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault adv_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_8_L"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 4410  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_monotanium_617" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Magnesite-Monotanium Hull Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_7_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 553 sr_magnesite = 166 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 5.53 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship super_battleship xindi_weapon fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka xindi_planet_killer_degra fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_8_M"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 6090  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_monotanium_617" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Magnesite-Monotanium Hull Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_7_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 737 sr_magnesite = 222 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 7.37 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon fed_ent_naval_museum jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_8_N"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 8410  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_monotanium_617" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Magnesite-Monotanium Hull Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_7_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 983 sr_magnesite = 295 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 9.83 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar research_starbase deep_space_starbase  nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_8_O"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 11630  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_monotanium_617" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}

### Light Magnesite-Trititanium Hull Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_8_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 10 sr_magnesite = 8 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.19 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_9_A"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 140  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1464" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Light Magnesite-Trititanium Hull Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_8_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 13 sr_magnesite = 11 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.26 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead transport shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 200  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1464" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Light Magnesite-Trititanium Hull Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_8_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 17 sr_magnesite = 14 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.34 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette constructor ion_cannon }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_9_C"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 270  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1464" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Light Magnesite-Trititanium Hull Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_8_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 23 sr_magnesite = 18 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.45 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science civ_raven fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_9_D"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 370  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1464" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Light Magnesite-Trititanium Hull Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_8_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 30 sr_magnesite = 24 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.6 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_challenger kdf_bop_brel saber colonizer fed_frigate_california fed_frigate_galen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_9_E"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 520  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1464" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Light Magnesite-Trititanium Hull Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_8_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 40 sr_magnesite = 32 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.8 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_bop_pagh rom_bop_arhael strike sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer ENT_seleya ENT_kumari la_sirena fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_9_F"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 900  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1464" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Light Magnesite-Trititanium Hull Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_8_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 54 sr_magnesite = 43 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.07 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_raider_klalath rom_interceptor_tmara fed_explorer_cheyenne klingon_houses_raider_klalath fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_9_G"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 980  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1464" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Light Magnesite-Trititanium Hull Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_8_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 71 sr_magnesite = 57 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.42 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort rom_interceptor_tdair steamrunner }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_9_H"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 1360  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1464" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Light Magnesite-Trititanium Hull Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_8_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 95 sr_magnesite = 76 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.89 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas kdf_battlecruiser_norgh sovereign exploration_cruiser military_station_small fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_9_I"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 1880  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1464" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Light Magnesite-Trititanium Hull Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_8_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 126 sr_magnesite = 101 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.52 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj fallen_interdictor fallen_attack military_station_medium fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_9_J"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 2600  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1464" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Light Magnesite-Trititanium Hull Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_8_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 168 sr_magnesite = 134 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.35 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  assault_cruiser military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_9_K"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 3590  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1464" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Light Magnesite-Trititanium Hull Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_8_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 224 sr_magnesite = 179 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 4.47 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault adv_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_9_L"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 4960  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1464" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Light Magnesite-Trititanium Hull Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_8_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 298 sr_magnesite = 239 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 5.96 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship super_battleship xindi_weapon fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka xindi_planet_killer_degra fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 6850  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1464" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Light Magnesite-Trititanium Hull Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_8_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 397 sr_magnesite = 318 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 7.94 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon fed_ent_naval_museum jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one future_starbase }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 9470  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1464" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Light Magnesite-Trititanium Hull Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_8_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 529 sr_magnesite = 424 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 10.58 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar research_starbase deep_space_starbase  nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_9_O"
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 13080  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1464" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}

### Light Trititanium-Victurium Hull Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_9_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 11 sr_magnesite = 9 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.22 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_defense_fed_4 }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 170  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_victurium_14017" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Light Trititanium-Victurium Hull Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_9_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 20 sr_magnesite = 16 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.39 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette constructor }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 330  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_victurium_14017" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Light Trititanium-Victurium Hull Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_9_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 26 sr_magnesite = 21 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.52 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 460  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_victurium_14017" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Light Trititanium-Victurium Hull Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_9_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 35 sr_magnesite = 28 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.69 }
   }
   size_restriction = { saber colonizer fed_frigate_galen }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 630  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_victurium_14017" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Light Trititanium-Victurium Hull Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_9_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 46 sr_magnesite = 37 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.91 }
   }
   size_restriction = { strike sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer la_sirena }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 1100  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_victurium_14017" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Light Trititanium-Victurium Hull Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_9_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 61 sr_magnesite = 49 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.22 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_dauntless }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 1200  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_victurium_14017" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Light Trititanium-Victurium Hull Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_9_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 81 sr_magnesite = 65 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.62 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_raptor_mehadraw steamrunner }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 1660  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_victurium_14017" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Light Trititanium-Victurium Hull Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_9_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 108 sr_magnesite = 87 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.16 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas sovereign exploration_cruiser fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 2300  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_victurium_14017" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Light Trititanium-Victurium Hull Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_9_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 144 sr_magnesite = 115 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.88 }
   }
   size_restriction = {  fed_mmv_sagan }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 3170  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_victurium_14017" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Light Trititanium-Victurium Hull Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_9_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 192 sr_magnesite = 154 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.83 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta rom_warbird_vreedex rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  assault_cruiser fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 4390  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_victurium_14017" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Light Trititanium-Victurium Hull Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_9_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 256 sr_magnesite = 205 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 5.11 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_battleship_dkazanak adv_cruiser cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 6060  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_victurium_14017" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Light Trititanium-Victurium Hull Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_A_9_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_a_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 605 sr_magnesite = 484 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 12.09 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar research_starbase deep_space_starbase  nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   modifier = { ship_evasion_mult = 0.05 ship_speed_mult = 0.1  ship_hull_add = 15990  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_victurium_14017" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}

### Kelindide-Magnesite Hull Type-1  - First armor hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_4_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 25 sr_magnesite = 1 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.11 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_5_A"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 70  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_heavy_610" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Kelindide-Magnesite Hull Type-2  - First armor hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_4_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 33 sr_magnesite = 1 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.15 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead transport bajoran_lightship miradorn_raider shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_shuttlepod fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion fed_attack_wing_nx_beta }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_5_B"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 90  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_heavy_610" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Kelindide-Magnesite Hull Type-3  - First armor hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_4_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 44 sr_magnesite = 1 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.2 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_emette kdf_bop_borghel kdf_bop_blasrika kdf_strike_ship_grethor rom_bop_rea rom_hero_ship_mimicus corvette constructor ion_cannon   fed_scout_freedom fed_scout_malachowski fed_frigate_discovery }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_5_C"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 130  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_heavy_610" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Kelindide-Magnesite Hull Type-4  - First armor hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_4_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 58 sr_magnesite = 2 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.26 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_carrier_minuteman fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_qoj rom_bop_stanet science yridian_destroyer civ_raven klingon_houses_raptor_somraw klingon_houses_raptor_qoj fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_5_D"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 170  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_heavy_610" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Kelindide-Magnesite Hull Type-5  - First armor hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_4_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 77 sr_magnesite = 2 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.35 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_light_cruiser_intrepid_type fed_explorer_nx fed_mmv_poseidon fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_raptor_somraw kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_jorek rom_interceptor_tvaro rom_interceptor_arrenhe saber colonizer fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_heavy_cruiser_yorktown fed_carrier_sarajevo fed_frigate_galen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_5_E"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 240  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_heavy_610" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Kelindide-Magnesite Hull Type-6  - First armor hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_4_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 103 sr_magnesite = 3 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.46 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_bonaventure fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_explorer_hoover fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_jev kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_arhael rom_interceptor_tliss rom_warbird_tellus strike sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer ENT_seleya ENT_kumari la_sirena fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant fed_carrier_engle }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_5_F"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 350  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_heavy_610" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Kelindide-Magnesite Hull Type-7  - First armor hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_4_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 137 sr_magnesite = 4 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.61 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_stasek fed_explorer_cheyenne klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_5_G"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 460  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_heavy_610" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Kelindide-Magnesite Hull Type-8  - First armor hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_4_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 182 sr_magnesite = 5 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.81 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner amarie_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_5_H"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 630  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_heavy_610" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Kelindide-Magnesite Hull Type-9  - First armor hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_4_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 243 sr_magnesite = 6 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.08 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_hero_ship_constitution kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser military_station_small fed_carrier_sydney fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_5_I"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 880  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_heavy_610" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Kelindide-Magnesite Hull Type-10  - First armor hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_4_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 324 sr_magnesite = 8 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.44 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus fallen_interdictor fallen_attack military_station_medium fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_ptolomy }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_5_J"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 1210  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_heavy_610" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Kelindide-Magnesite Hull Type-12  - First armor hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_4_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 431 sr_magnesite = 10 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.92 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  assault_cruiser military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station fed_exploration_cruiser_federation fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_5_K"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 1670  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_heavy_610" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Kelindide-Magnesite Hull Type-14  - First armor hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_4_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 575 sr_magnesite = 13 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.56 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault adv_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_5_L"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 2310  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_heavy_610" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Kelindide-Magnesite Hull Type-16  - First armor hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_4_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 766 sr_magnesite = 18 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.41 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship super_battleship xindi_weapon fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka xindi_planet_killer_degra fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_5_M"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 3200  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_heavy_610" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Kelindide-Magnesite Hull Type-18  - First armor hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_4_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1021 sr_magnesite = 23 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 4.54 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon fed_ent_naval_museum jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_5_N"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 4420  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_heavy_610" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Kelindide-Magnesite Hull Type-20  - First armor hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_4_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1360 sr_magnesite = 31 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 6.05 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar research_starbase deep_space_starbase  nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_5_O"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 6100  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_heavy_610" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}

### Reflective Kelindide Sheeting Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_5_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 28 sr_magnesite = 2 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.14 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_6_A"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 100  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_kelindide_615" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Reflective Kelindide Sheeting Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_5_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 37 sr_magnesite = 2 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.19 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead transport bajoran_lightship miradorn_raider shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_6_B"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 140  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_kelindide_615" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Reflective Kelindide Sheeting Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_5_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 48 sr_magnesite = 3 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.24 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette constructor ion_cannon fed_scout_malachowski }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_6_C"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 200  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_kelindide_615" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Reflective Kelindide Sheeting Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_5_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 64 sr_magnesite = 4 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.32 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_qoj rom_bop_stanet science yridian_destroyer civ_raven klingon_houses_raptor_qoj fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_6_D"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 270  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_kelindide_615" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Reflective Kelindide Sheeting Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_5_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 86 sr_magnesite = 5 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.43 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_jorek saber colonizer fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_frigate_galen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_6_E"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 380  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_kelindide_615" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Reflective Kelindide Sheeting Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_5_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 114 sr_magnesite = 6 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.57 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_explorer_hoover fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_jev kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_arhael rom_interceptor_tliss strike sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer ENT_seleya ENT_kumari la_sirena fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant fed_carrier_engle }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_6_F"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 530  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_kelindide_615" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Reflective Kelindide Sheeting Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_5_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 152 sr_magnesite = 8 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.76 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_stasek fed_explorer_cheyenne klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_6_G"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 720  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_kelindide_615" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Reflective Kelindide Sheeting Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_5_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 203 sr_magnesite = 11 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.02 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner amarie_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_6_H"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 1000  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_kelindide_615" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Reflective Kelindide Sheeting Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_5_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 270 sr_magnesite = 14 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.35 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_hero_ship_constitution kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser military_station_small fed_carrier_sydney fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_6_I"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 1380  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_kelindide_615" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Reflective Kelindide Sheeting Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_5_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 359 sr_magnesite = 18 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.8 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus fallen_interdictor fallen_attack military_station_medium fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_ptolomy }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_6_J"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 1900  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_kelindide_615" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Reflective Kelindide Sheeting Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_5_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 479 sr_magnesite = 24 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.4 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  assault_cruiser military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station fed_exploration_cruiser_federation fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_6_K"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 2630  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_kelindide_615" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Reflective Kelindide Sheeting Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_5_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 638 sr_magnesite = 32 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.19 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault adv_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_6_L"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 3640  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_kelindide_615" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Reflective Kelindide Sheeting Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_5_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 851 sr_magnesite = 43 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 4.26 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship super_battleship xindi_weapon fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka xindi_planet_killer_degra fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_6_M"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 5020  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_kelindide_615" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Reflective Kelindide Sheeting Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_5_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1134 sr_magnesite = 57 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 5.67 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon fed_ent_naval_museum jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_6_N"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 6940  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_kelindide_615" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Reflective Kelindide Sheeting Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_5_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1511 sr_magnesite = 76 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 7.56 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar research_starbase deep_space_starbase  nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_6_O"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 9590  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_kelindide_615" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}

### Dispersive Kelindide Sheeting\ Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_6_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 25 sr_magnesite = 4 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.17 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_7_A"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 140  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13089" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Dispersive Kelindide Sheeting\ Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_6_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 33 sr_magnesite = 5 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.22 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead transport shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_7_B"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 200  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13089" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Dispersive Kelindide Sheeting\ Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_6_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 44 sr_magnesite = 6 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.29 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette constructor ion_cannon }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_7_C"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 270  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13089" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Dispersive Kelindide Sheeting\ Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_6_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 58 sr_magnesite = 8 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.39 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science civ_raven fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_7_D"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 370  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13089" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Dispersive Kelindide Sheeting\ Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_6_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 77 sr_magnesite = 11 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.52 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger kdf_bop_brel rom_bop_jorek saber colonizer fed_frigate_california fed_frigate_galen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_7_E"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 520  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13089" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Dispersive Kelindide Sheeting\ Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_6_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 103 sr_magnesite = 14 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.69 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_jev rom_bop_arhael strike sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer ENT_seleya ENT_kumari la_sirena fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_7_F"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 700  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13089" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Dispersive Kelindide Sheeting\ Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_6_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 137 sr_magnesite = 19 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.91 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath rom_interceptor_tmara fed_explorer_cheyenne klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_7_G"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 980  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13089" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Dispersive Kelindide Sheeting\ Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_6_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 182 sr_magnesite = 25 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.22 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion steamrunner fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_7_H"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 1360  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13089" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Dispersive Kelindide Sheeting\ Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_6_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 243 sr_magnesite = 33 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.62 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_warbird_kanassarum sovereign exploration_cruiser military_station_small fed_carrier_sydney fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_7_I"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 1880  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13089" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Dispersive Kelindide Sheeting\ Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_6_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 324 sr_magnesite = 44 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.16 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus fallen_interdictor fallen_attack military_station_medium fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_7_J"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 2600  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13089" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Dispersive Kelindide Sheeting\ Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_6_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 431 sr_magnesite = 58 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.88 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  assault_cruiser military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station fed_exploration_cruiser_federation fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_7_K"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 3590  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13089" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Dispersive Kelindide Sheeting\ Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_6_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 575 sr_magnesite = 77 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.83 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault adv_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_7_L"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 4960  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13089" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Dispersive Kelindide Sheeting\ Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_6_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 766 sr_magnesite = 103 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 5.11 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship super_battleship xindi_weapon fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka xindi_planet_killer_degra fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_7_M"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 6850  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13089" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Dispersive Kelindide Sheeting\ Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_6_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1021 sr_magnesite = 137 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 6.81 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon fed_ent_naval_museum jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_7_N"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 9470  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13089" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Dispersive Kelindide Sheeting\ Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_6_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1360 sr_magnesite = 182 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 9.07 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar research_starbase deep_space_starbase  nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_7_O"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 13080  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13089" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}

### Reactive Kelindide Sheeting Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_7_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 18 sr_magnesite = 6 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.18 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_8_A"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 160  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13090" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Reactive Kelindide Sheeting Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_7_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 24 sr_magnesite = 8 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.24 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead transport shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_8_B"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 220  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13090" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Reactive Kelindide Sheeting Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_7_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 32 sr_magnesite = 10 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.32 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette constructor ion_cannon }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_8_C"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 310  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13090" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Reactive Kelindide Sheeting Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_7_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 42 sr_magnesite = 13 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.42 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science civ_raven fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_8_D"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 420  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13090" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Reactive Kelindide Sheeting Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_7_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 56 sr_magnesite = 17 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.56 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_challenger kdf_bop_brel rom_bop_jorek saber colonizer fed_frigate_california fed_frigate_galen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_8_E"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 580  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13090" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Reactive Kelindide Sheeting Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_7_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 74 sr_magnesite = 23 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.74 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_bop_pagh rom_bop_arhael strike sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer ENT_seleya ENT_kumari la_sirena fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_8_F"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 800  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13090" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Reactive Kelindide Sheeting Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_7_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 99 sr_magnesite = 30 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.99 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_raider_klalath rom_interceptor_tmara fed_explorer_cheyenne klingon_houses_raider_klalath fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_8_G"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 1120  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13090" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Reactive Kelindide Sheeting Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_7_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 132 sr_magnesite = 40 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.32 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tdair steamrunner }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_8_H"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 1540  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13090" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Reactive Kelindide Sheeting Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_7_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 176 sr_magnesite = 53 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.76 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_warbird_kanassarum sovereign exploration_cruiser military_station_small fed_carrier_sydney fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_8_I"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 2130  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13090" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Reactive Kelindide Sheeting Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_7_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 234 sr_magnesite = 70 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.34 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_starbird_valkis fallen_interdictor fallen_attack military_station_medium fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_8_J"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 2940  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13090" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Reactive Kelindide Sheeting Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_7_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 312 sr_magnesite = 94 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.12 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  assault_cruiser military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_8_K"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 4070  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13090" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Reactive Kelindide Sheeting Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_7_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 415 sr_magnesite = 125 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 4.15 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault adv_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_8_L"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 5620  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13090" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Reactive Kelindide Sheeting Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_7_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 553 sr_magnesite = 166 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 5.53 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship super_battleship xindi_weapon fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka xindi_planet_killer_degra fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_8_M"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 7760  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13090" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Reactive Kelindide Sheeting Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_7_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 737 sr_magnesite = 222 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 7.37 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon fed_ent_naval_museum jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_8_N"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 10730  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13090" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Reactive Kelindide Sheeting Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_7_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 983 sr_magnesite = 295 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 9.83 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar research_starbase deep_space_starbase  nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_8_O"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 14820  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13090" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}

### Heavy Kelindide-Tetraburnium Hull Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_8_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 10 sr_magnesite = 8 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.19 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_9_A"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 180  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_tetraburnium_618" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Heavy Kelindide-Tetraburnium Hull Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_8_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 13 sr_magnesite = 11 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.26 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead transport shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 250  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_tetraburnium_618" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Heavy Kelindide-Tetraburnium Hull Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_8_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 17 sr_magnesite = 14 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.34 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette constructor ion_cannon }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_9_C"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 340  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_tetraburnium_618" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Heavy Kelindide-Tetraburnium Hull Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_8_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 23 sr_magnesite = 18 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.45 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science civ_raven fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_9_D"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 470  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_tetraburnium_618" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Heavy Kelindide-Tetraburnium Hull Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_8_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 30 sr_magnesite = 24 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.6 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_challenger kdf_bop_brel saber colonizer fed_frigate_california fed_frigate_galen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_9_E"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 650  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_tetraburnium_618" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Heavy Kelindide-Tetraburnium Hull Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_8_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 40 sr_magnesite = 32 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.8 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_bop_pagh rom_bop_arhael strike sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer ENT_seleya ENT_kumari la_sirena fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_9_F"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 900  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_tetraburnium_618" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Heavy Kelindide-Tetraburnium Hull Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_8_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 54 sr_magnesite = 43 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.07 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_raider_klalath rom_interceptor_tmara fed_explorer_cheyenne klingon_houses_raider_klalath fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_9_G"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 1250  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_tetraburnium_618" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Heavy Kelindide-Tetraburnium Hull Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_8_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 71 sr_magnesite = 57 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.42 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort rom_interceptor_tdair steamrunner }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_9_H"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 1720  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_tetraburnium_618" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Heavy Kelindide-Tetraburnium Hull Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_8_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 95 sr_magnesite = 76 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.89 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas kdf_battlecruiser_norgh sovereign exploration_cruiser military_station_small fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_9_I"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 2380  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_tetraburnium_618" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Heavy Kelindide-Tetraburnium Hull Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_8_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 126 sr_magnesite = 101 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.52 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj fallen_interdictor fallen_attack military_station_medium fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_9_J"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 3290  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_tetraburnium_618" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Heavy Kelindide-Tetraburnium Hull Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_8_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 168 sr_magnesite = 134 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.35 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  assault_cruiser military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_9_K"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 4540  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_tetraburnium_618" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Heavy Kelindide-Tetraburnium Hull Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_8_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 224 sr_magnesite = 179 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 4.47 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault adv_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_9_L"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 6280  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_tetraburnium_618" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Heavy Kelindide-Tetraburnium Hull Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_8_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 298 sr_magnesite = 239 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 5.96 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship super_battleship xindi_weapon fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka xindi_planet_killer_degra fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur }
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 8680  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_tetraburnium_618" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Heavy Kelindide-Tetraburnium Hull Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_8_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 397 sr_magnesite = 318 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 7.94 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon fed_ent_naval_museum jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one future_starbase }
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 11990  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_tetraburnium_618" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Heavy Kelindide-Tetraburnium Hull Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_8_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 529 sr_magnesite = 424 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 10.58 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar research_starbase deep_space_starbase  nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_9_O"
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 16570  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_tetraburnium_618" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}

### Heavy Tetraburnium-Victurium Hull Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_9_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 11 sr_magnesite = 9 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.22 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_defense_fed_4 }
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 220  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_victurium_14016" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Heavy Tetraburnium-Victurium Hull Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_9_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 20 sr_magnesite = 16 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.39 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette constructor }
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 410  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_victurium_14016" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Heavy Tetraburnium-Victurium Hull Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_9_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 26 sr_magnesite = 21 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.52 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar }
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 570  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_victurium_14016" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Heavy Tetraburnium-Victurium Hull Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_9_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 35 sr_magnesite = 28 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.69 }
   }
   size_restriction = { saber colonizer fed_frigate_galen }
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 790  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_victurium_14016" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Heavy Tetraburnium-Victurium Hull Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_9_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 46 sr_magnesite = 37 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.91 }
   }
   size_restriction = { strike sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer la_sirena }
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 1100  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_victurium_14016" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Heavy Tetraburnium-Victurium Hull Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_9_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 61 sr_magnesite = 49 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.22 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_dauntless }
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 1510  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_victurium_14016" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Heavy Tetraburnium-Victurium Hull Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_9_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 81 sr_magnesite = 65 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.62 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_raptor_mehadraw steamrunner }
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 2090  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_victurium_14016" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Heavy Tetraburnium-Victurium Hull Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_9_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 108 sr_magnesite = 87 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.16 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas sovereign exploration_cruiser fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 2880  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_victurium_14016" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Heavy Tetraburnium-Victurium Hull Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_9_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 144 sr_magnesite = 115 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.88 }
   }
   size_restriction = {  fed_mmv_sagan }
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 3980  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_victurium_14016" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Heavy Tetraburnium-Victurium Hull Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_9_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 192 sr_magnesite = 154 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.83 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta rom_warbird_vreedex rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  assault_cruiser fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris }
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 5500  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_victurium_14016" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Heavy Tetraburnium-Victurium Hull Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_9_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 256 sr_magnesite = 205 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 5.11 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_battleship_dkazanak adv_cruiser cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian }
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 7600  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_victurium_14016" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Heavy Tetraburnium-Victurium Hull Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_B_9_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_b_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 605 sr_magnesite = 484 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 12.09 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar research_starbase deep_space_starbase  nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   modifier = {     ship_armor_add = 20050  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_victurium_14016" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}

### Duranium-Magnesite Hull Type-1  - First hull+ hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_4_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 25 sr_magnesite = 1 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.11 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_5_A"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 40 ship_armor_add = 20  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13082" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Duranium-Magnesite Hull Type-2  - First hull+ hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_4_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 33 sr_magnesite = 1 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.15 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead transport bajoran_lightship miradorn_raider shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_shuttlepod fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion fed_attack_wing_nx_beta }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_5_B"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 60 ship_armor_add = 30  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13082" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Duranium-Magnesite Hull Type-3  - First hull+ hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_4_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 44 sr_magnesite = 1 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.2 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_emette kdf_bop_borghel kdf_bop_blasrika kdf_strike_ship_grethor rom_bop_rea rom_hero_ship_mimicus corvette constructor ion_cannon   fed_scout_freedom fed_scout_malachowski fed_frigate_discovery }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_5_C"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 80 ship_armor_add = 50  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13082" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Duranium-Magnesite Hull Type-4  - First hull+ hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_4_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 58 sr_magnesite = 2 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.26 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_carrier_minuteman fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_qoj rom_bop_stanet science yridian_destroyer civ_raven klingon_houses_raptor_somraw klingon_houses_raptor_qoj fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_5_D"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 120 ship_armor_add = 60  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13082" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Duranium-Magnesite Hull Type-5  - First hull+ hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_4_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 77 sr_magnesite = 2 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.35 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_light_cruiser_intrepid_type fed_explorer_nx fed_mmv_poseidon fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_raptor_somraw kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_jorek rom_interceptor_tvaro rom_interceptor_arrenhe saber colonizer fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_heavy_cruiser_yorktown fed_carrier_sarajevo fed_frigate_galen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_5_E"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 160 ship_armor_add = 90  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13082" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Duranium-Magnesite Hull Type-6  - First hull+ hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_4_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 103 sr_magnesite = 3 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.46 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_bonaventure fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_explorer_hoover fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_jev kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_arhael rom_interceptor_tliss rom_warbird_tellus strike sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer ENT_seleya ENT_kumari la_sirena fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant fed_carrier_engle }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_5_F"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 350  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13082" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Duranium-Magnesite Hull Type-7  - First hull+ hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_4_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 137 sr_magnesite = 4 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.61 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_stasek fed_explorer_cheyenne klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_5_G"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 310 ship_armor_add = 160  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13082" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Duranium-Magnesite Hull Type-8  - First hull+ hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_4_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 182 sr_magnesite = 5 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.81 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner amarie_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_5_H"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 420 ship_armor_add = 230  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13082" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Duranium-Magnesite Hull Type-9  - First hull+ hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_4_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 243 sr_magnesite = 6 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.08 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_hero_ship_constitution kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser military_station_small fed_carrier_sydney fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_5_I"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 580 ship_armor_add = 310  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13082" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Duranium-Magnesite Hull Type-10  - First hull+ hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_4_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 324 sr_magnesite = 8 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.44 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus fallen_interdictor fallen_attack military_station_medium fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_ptolomy }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_5_J"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 810 ship_armor_add = 430  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13082" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Duranium-Magnesite Hull Type-12  - First hull+ hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_4_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 431 sr_magnesite = 10 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.92 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  assault_cruiser military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station fed_exploration_cruiser_federation fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_5_K"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 1120 ship_armor_add = 600  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13082" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Duranium-Magnesite Hull Type-14  - First hull+ hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_4_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 575 sr_magnesite = 13 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.56 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault adv_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_5_L"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 1540 ship_armor_add = 830  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13082" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Duranium-Magnesite Hull Type-16  - First hull+ hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_4_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 766 sr_magnesite = 18 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.41 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship super_battleship xindi_weapon fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka xindi_planet_killer_degra fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_5_M"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 2130 ship_armor_add = 1140  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13082" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Duranium-Magnesite Hull Type-18  - First hull+ hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_4_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1021 sr_magnesite = 23 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 4.54 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon fed_ent_naval_museum jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_5_N"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 2940 ship_armor_add = 1580  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13082" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Duranium-Magnesite Hull Type-20  - First hull+ hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_4_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1360 sr_magnesite = 31 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 6.05 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar research_starbase deep_space_starbase  nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_5_O"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 4070 ship_armor_add = 2180  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13082" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}

### Duranium Weave Hull Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_5_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 28 sr_magnesite = 2 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.14 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_6_A"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 70 ship_armor_add = 40  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1470" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Duranium Weave Hull Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_5_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 37 sr_magnesite = 2 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.19 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead transport bajoran_lightship miradorn_raider shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_6_B"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 90 ship_armor_add = 50  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1470" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Duranium Weave Hull Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_5_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 48 sr_magnesite = 3 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.24 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette constructor ion_cannon fed_scout_malachowski }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_6_C"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 130 ship_armor_add = 80  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1470" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Duranium Weave Hull Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_5_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 64 sr_magnesite = 4 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.32 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_qoj rom_bop_stanet science yridian_destroyer civ_raven klingon_houses_raptor_qoj fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_6_D"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 170 ship_armor_add = 100  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1470" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Duranium Weave Hull Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_5_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 86 sr_magnesite = 5 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.43 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_jorek saber colonizer fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_frigate_galen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_6_E"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 240 ship_armor_add = 140  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1470" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Duranium Weave Hull Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_5_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 114 sr_magnesite = 6 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.57 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_explorer_hoover fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_jev kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_arhael rom_interceptor_tliss strike sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer ENT_seleya ENT_kumari la_sirena fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant fed_carrier_engle }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_6_F"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 530  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1470" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Duranium Weave Hull Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_5_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 152 sr_magnesite = 8 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.76 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_stasek fed_explorer_cheyenne klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_6_G"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 460 ship_armor_add = 270  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1470" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Duranium Weave Hull Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_5_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 203 sr_magnesite = 11 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.02 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner amarie_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_6_H"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 630 ship_armor_add = 380  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1470" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Duranium Weave Hull Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_5_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 270 sr_magnesite = 14 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.35 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_hero_ship_constitution kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser military_station_small fed_carrier_sydney fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_6_I"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 880 ship_armor_add = 520  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1470" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Duranium Weave Hull Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_5_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 359 sr_magnesite = 18 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.8 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus fallen_interdictor fallen_attack military_station_medium fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_ptolomy }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_6_J"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 1210 ship_armor_add = 720  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1470" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Duranium Weave Hull Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_5_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 479 sr_magnesite = 24 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.4 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  assault_cruiser military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station fed_exploration_cruiser_federation fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_6_K"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 1670 ship_armor_add = 1000  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1470" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Duranium Weave Hull Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_5_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 638 sr_magnesite = 32 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.19 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault adv_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_6_L"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 2310 ship_armor_add = 1380  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1470" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Duranium Weave Hull Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_5_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 851 sr_magnesite = 43 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 4.26 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship super_battleship xindi_weapon fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka xindi_planet_killer_degra fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_6_M"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 3200 ship_armor_add = 1900  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1470" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Duranium Weave Hull Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_5_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1134 sr_magnesite = 57 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 5.67 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon fed_ent_naval_museum jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_6_N"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 4420 ship_armor_add = 2630  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1470" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Duranium Weave Hull Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_5_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1511 sr_magnesite = 76 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 7.56 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar research_starbase deep_space_starbase  nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_6_O"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 6100 ship_armor_add = 3630  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1470" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}

### Duranium-Victurium Hull Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_6_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 25 sr_magnesite = 4 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.17 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_7_A"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 90 ship_armor_add = 50  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_duranium-victurium_614" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Duranium-Victurium Hull Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_6_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 33 sr_magnesite = 5 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.22 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead transport shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_7_B"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 120 ship_armor_add = 80  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_duranium-victurium_614" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Duranium-Victurium Hull Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_6_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 44 sr_magnesite = 6 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.29 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette constructor ion_cannon }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_7_C"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 170 ship_armor_add = 110  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_duranium-victurium_614" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Duranium-Victurium Hull Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_6_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 58 sr_magnesite = 8 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.39 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science civ_raven fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_7_D"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 230 ship_armor_add = 150  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_duranium-victurium_614" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Duranium-Victurium Hull Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_6_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 77 sr_magnesite = 11 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.52 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger kdf_bop_brel rom_bop_jorek saber colonizer fed_frigate_california fed_frigate_galen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_7_E"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 320 ship_armor_add = 200  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_duranium-victurium_614" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Duranium-Victurium Hull Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_6_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 103 sr_magnesite = 14 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.69 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_jev rom_bop_arhael strike sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer ENT_seleya ENT_kumari la_sirena fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_7_F"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 700  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_duranium-victurium_614" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Duranium-Victurium Hull Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_6_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 137 sr_magnesite = 19 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.91 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath rom_interceptor_tmara fed_explorer_cheyenne klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_7_G"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 610 ship_armor_add = 380  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_duranium-victurium_614" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Duranium-Victurium Hull Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_6_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 182 sr_magnesite = 25 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.22 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion steamrunner fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_7_H"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 850 ship_armor_add = 530  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_duranium-victurium_614" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Duranium-Victurium Hull Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_6_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 243 sr_magnesite = 33 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.62 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_warbird_kanassarum sovereign exploration_cruiser military_station_small fed_carrier_sydney fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_7_I"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 1170 ship_armor_add = 730  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_duranium-victurium_614" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Duranium-Victurium Hull Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_6_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 324 sr_magnesite = 44 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.16 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus fallen_interdictor fallen_attack military_station_medium fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_7_J"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 1620 ship_armor_add = 1010  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_duranium-victurium_614" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Duranium-Victurium Hull Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_6_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 431 sr_magnesite = 58 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.88 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  assault_cruiser military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station fed_exploration_cruiser_federation fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_7_K"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 2230 ship_armor_add = 1400  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_duranium-victurium_614" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Duranium-Victurium Hull Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_6_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 575 sr_magnesite = 77 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.83 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault adv_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_7_L"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 3080 ship_armor_add = 1930  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_duranium-victurium_614" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Duranium-Victurium Hull Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_6_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 766 sr_magnesite = 103 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 5.11 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship super_battleship xindi_weapon fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka xindi_planet_killer_degra fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_7_M"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 4260 ship_armor_add = 2660  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_duranium-victurium_614" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Duranium-Victurium Hull Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_6_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1021 sr_magnesite = 137 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 6.81 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon fed_ent_naval_museum jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_7_N"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 5890 ship_armor_add = 3680  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_duranium-victurium_614" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Duranium-Victurium Hull Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_6_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1360 sr_magnesite = 182 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 9.07 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar research_starbase deep_space_starbase  nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_7_O"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 8140 ship_armor_add = 5090  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_duranium-victurium_614" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}

### Duranium Composite Sheeting Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_7_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 18 sr_magnesite = 6 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.18 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_8_A"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 100 ship_armor_add = 60  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1473" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Duranium Composite Sheeting Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_7_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 24 sr_magnesite = 8 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.24 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead transport shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_8_B"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 140 ship_armor_add = 90  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1473" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Duranium Composite Sheeting Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_7_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 32 sr_magnesite = 10 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.32 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette constructor ion_cannon }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_8_C"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 190 ship_armor_add = 120  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1473" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Duranium Composite Sheeting Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_7_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 42 sr_magnesite = 13 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.42 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science civ_raven fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_8_D"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 260 ship_armor_add = 170  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1473" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Duranium Composite Sheeting Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_7_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 56 sr_magnesite = 17 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.56 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_challenger kdf_bop_brel rom_bop_jorek saber colonizer fed_frigate_california fed_frigate_galen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_8_E"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 360 ship_armor_add = 230  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1473" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Duranium Composite Sheeting Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_7_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 74 sr_magnesite = 23 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.74 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_bop_pagh rom_bop_arhael strike sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer ENT_seleya ENT_kumari la_sirena fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_8_F"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 800  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1473" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Duranium Composite Sheeting Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_7_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 99 sr_magnesite = 30 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.99 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_raider_klalath rom_interceptor_tmara fed_explorer_cheyenne klingon_houses_raider_klalath fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_8_G"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 690 ship_armor_add = 440  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1473" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Duranium Composite Sheeting Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_7_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 132 sr_magnesite = 40 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.32 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tdair steamrunner }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_8_H"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 950 ship_armor_add = 600  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1473" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Duranium Composite Sheeting Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_7_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 176 sr_magnesite = 53 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.76 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_warbird_kanassarum sovereign exploration_cruiser military_station_small fed_carrier_sydney fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_8_I"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 1320 ship_armor_add = 840  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1473" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Duranium Composite Sheeting Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_7_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 234 sr_magnesite = 70 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.34 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_starbird_valkis fallen_interdictor fallen_attack military_station_medium fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_8_J"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 1820 ship_armor_add = 1150  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1473" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Duranium Composite Sheeting Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_7_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 312 sr_magnesite = 94 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.12 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  assault_cruiser military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_8_K"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 2510 ship_armor_add = 1590  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1473" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Duranium Composite Sheeting Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_7_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 415 sr_magnesite = 125 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 4.15 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault adv_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_8_L"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 3470 ship_armor_add = 2200  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1473" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Duranium Composite Sheeting Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_7_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 553 sr_magnesite = 166 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 5.53 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship super_battleship xindi_weapon fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka xindi_planet_killer_degra fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_8_M"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 4800 ship_armor_add = 3040  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1473" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Duranium Composite Sheeting Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_7_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 737 sr_magnesite = 222 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 7.37 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon fed_ent_naval_museum jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_8_N"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 6630 ship_armor_add = 4210  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1473" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Duranium Composite Sheeting Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_7_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 983 sr_magnesite = 295 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 9.83 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar research_starbase deep_space_starbase  nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_8_O"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 9160 ship_armor_add = 5810  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1473" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}

### PolyDuranium Weave Hull Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_8_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 10 sr_magnesite = 8 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.19 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 military_defense_fed_4 }
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 110 ship_armor_add = 70  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_polyduranium_616" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### PolyDuranium Weave Hull Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_8_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 13 sr_magnesite = 11 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.26 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead transport shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 150 ship_armor_add = 100  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_polyduranium_616" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### PolyDuranium Weave Hull Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_8_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 17 sr_magnesite = 14 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.34 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette constructor ion_cannon }
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 210 ship_armor_add = 140  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_polyduranium_616" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### PolyDuranium Weave Hull Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_8_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 23 sr_magnesite = 18 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.45 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science civ_raven fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar }
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 290 ship_armor_add = 190  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_polyduranium_616" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### PolyDuranium Weave Hull Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_8_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 30 sr_magnesite = 24 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.6 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_challenger kdf_bop_brel saber colonizer fed_frigate_california fed_frigate_galen }
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 400 ship_armor_add = 260  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_polyduranium_616" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### PolyDuranium Weave Hull Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_8_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 40 sr_magnesite = 32 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.8 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_bop_pagh rom_bop_arhael strike sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer ENT_seleya ENT_kumari la_sirena fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant }
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 900  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_polyduranium_616" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### PolyDuranium Weave Hull Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_8_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 54 sr_magnesite = 43 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.07 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_raider_klalath rom_interceptor_tmara fed_explorer_cheyenne klingon_houses_raider_klalath fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod }
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 770 ship_armor_add = 490  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_polyduranium_616" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### PolyDuranium Weave Hull Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_8_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 71 sr_magnesite = 57 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.42 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort rom_interceptor_tdair steamrunner }
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 1060 ship_armor_add = 680  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_polyduranium_616" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### PolyDuranium Weave Hull Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_8_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 95 sr_magnesite = 76 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.89 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas kdf_battlecruiser_norgh sovereign exploration_cruiser military_station_small fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 1460 ship_armor_add = 940  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_polyduranium_616" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### PolyDuranium Weave Hull Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_8_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 126 sr_magnesite = 101 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.52 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj fallen_interdictor fallen_attack military_station_medium fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha }
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 2020 ship_armor_add = 1300  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_polyduranium_616" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### PolyDuranium Weave Hull Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_8_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 168 sr_magnesite = 134 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.35 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  assault_cruiser military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 2790 ship_armor_add = 1790  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_polyduranium_616" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### PolyDuranium Weave Hull Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_8_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 224 sr_magnesite = 179 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 4.47 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault adv_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian }
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 3860 ship_armor_add = 2480  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_polyduranium_616" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### PolyDuranium Weave Hull Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_8_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 298 sr_magnesite = 239 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 5.96 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship super_battleship xindi_weapon fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka xindi_planet_killer_degra fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur }
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 5330 ship_armor_add = 3430  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_polyduranium_616" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### PolyDuranium Weave Hull Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_8_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 397 sr_magnesite = 318 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 7.94 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon fed_ent_naval_museum jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one future_starbase }
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 7360 ship_armor_add = 4730  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_polyduranium_616" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### PolyDuranium Weave Hull Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_C_8_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_c_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 529 sr_magnesite = 424 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 10.58 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar research_starbase deep_space_starbase  nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 10170 ship_armor_add = 6540  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_polyduranium_616" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}

### Modular Duranium Plating Hull Type-1  - First modular hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_4_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 21 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.04 energy = 0.15 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_5_A"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 70  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13083" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Modular Duranium Plating Hull Type-2  - First modular hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_4_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 28 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.05 energy = 0.19 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead transport bajoran_lightship miradorn_raider shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_shuttlepod fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion fed_attack_wing_nx_beta }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_5_B"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 90  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13083" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Modular Duranium Plating Hull Type-3  - First modular hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_4_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 36 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.07 energy = 0.26 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_emette kdf_bop_borghel kdf_bop_blasrika kdf_strike_ship_grethor rom_bop_rea rom_hero_ship_mimicus corvette constructor ion_cannon   fed_scout_freedom fed_scout_malachowski fed_frigate_discovery }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_5_C"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 130  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13083" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Modular Duranium Plating Hull Type-4  - First modular hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_4_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 48 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.09 energy = 0.34 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_carrier_minuteman fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_qoj rom_bop_stanet science yridian_destroyer civ_raven klingon_houses_raptor_somraw klingon_houses_raptor_qoj fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_5_D"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 170  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13083" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Modular Duranium Plating Hull Type-5  - First modular hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_4_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 64 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.12 energy = 0.45 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_light_cruiser_intrepid_type fed_explorer_nx fed_mmv_poseidon fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_raptor_somraw kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_jorek rom_interceptor_tvaro rom_interceptor_arrenhe saber colonizer fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_heavy_cruiser_yorktown fed_carrier_sarajevo fed_frigate_galen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_5_E"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 240  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13083" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Modular Duranium Plating Hull Type-6  - First modular hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_4_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 86 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.15 energy = 0.6 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_bonaventure fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_explorer_hoover fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_jev kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_arhael rom_interceptor_tliss rom_warbird_tellus strike sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer ENT_seleya ENT_kumari la_sirena fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant fed_carrier_engle }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_5_F"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 350  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13083" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Modular Duranium Plating Hull Type-7  - First modular hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_4_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 114 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.2 energy = 0.8 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_stasek fed_explorer_cheyenne klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_5_G"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 460  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13083" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Modular Duranium Plating Hull Type-8  - First modular hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_4_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 152 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.27 energy = 1.07 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner amarie_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_5_H"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 630  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13083" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Modular Duranium Plating Hull Type-9  - First modular hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_4_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 202 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.36 energy = 1.42 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_hero_ship_constitution kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser military_station_small fed_carrier_sydney fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_5_I"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 880  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13083" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Modular Duranium Plating Hull Type-10  - First modular hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_4_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 270 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.48 energy = 1.89 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus fallen_interdictor fallen_attack military_station_medium fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_ptolomy }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_5_J"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 1210  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13083" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Modular Duranium Plating Hull Type-12  - First modular hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_4_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 359 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.63 energy = 2.52 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  assault_cruiser military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station fed_exploration_cruiser_federation fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_5_K"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 1670  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13083" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Modular Duranium Plating Hull Type-14  - First modular hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_4_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 479 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.84 energy = 3.35 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault adv_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_5_L"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 2310  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13083" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Modular Duranium Plating Hull Type-16  - First modular hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_4_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 638 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.12 energy = 4.47 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship super_battleship xindi_weapon fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka xindi_planet_killer_degra fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_5_M"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 3200  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13083" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Modular Duranium Plating Hull Type-18  - First modular hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_4_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 851 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.49 energy = 5.96 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon fed_ent_naval_museum jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_5_N"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 4420  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13083" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}
### Modular Duranium Plating Hull Type-20  - First modular hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_4_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1134 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.99 energy = 7.94 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar research_starbase deep_space_starbase  nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_5_O"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 6100  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13083" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 20
   }
}

### Parametallic Magnesite Hull Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_5_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 26 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.05 energy = 0.18 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_6_A"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 100  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_parametallic_622" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Parametallic Magnesite Hull Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_5_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 34 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.06 energy = 0.24 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead transport bajoran_lightship miradorn_raider shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_6_B"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 140  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_parametallic_622" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Parametallic Magnesite Hull Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_5_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 45 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.08 energy = 0.32 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette constructor ion_cannon fed_scout_malachowski }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_6_C"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 200  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_parametallic_622" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Parametallic Magnesite Hull Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_5_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 60 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.11 energy = 0.42 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_qoj rom_bop_stanet science yridian_destroyer civ_raven klingon_houses_raptor_qoj fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_6_D"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 270  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_parametallic_622" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Parametallic Magnesite Hull Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_5_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 80 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.14 energy = 0.56 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_jorek saber colonizer fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_frigate_galen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_6_E"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 380  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_parametallic_622" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Parametallic Magnesite Hull Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_5_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 107 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.19 energy = 0.75 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_explorer_hoover fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_jev kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_arhael rom_interceptor_tliss strike sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer ENT_seleya ENT_kumari la_sirena fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant fed_carrier_engle }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_6_F"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 530  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_parametallic_622" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Parametallic Magnesite Hull Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_5_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 143 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.25 energy = 1 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_stasek fed_explorer_cheyenne klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_6_G"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 720  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_parametallic_622" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Parametallic Magnesite Hull Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_5_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 190 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.34 energy = 1.33 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner amarie_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_6_H"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 1000  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_parametallic_622" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Parametallic Magnesite Hull Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_5_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 253 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.45 energy = 1.77 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_hero_ship_constitution kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser military_station_small fed_carrier_sydney fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_6_I"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 1380  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_parametallic_622" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Parametallic Magnesite Hull Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_5_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 337 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.59 energy = 2.36 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus fallen_interdictor fallen_attack military_station_medium fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_ptolomy }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_6_J"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 1900  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_parametallic_622" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Parametallic Magnesite Hull Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_5_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 449 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.79 energy = 3.15 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  assault_cruiser military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station fed_exploration_cruiser_federation fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_6_K"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 2630  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_parametallic_622" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Parametallic Magnesite Hull Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_5_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 598 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.05 energy = 4.19 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault adv_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_6_L"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 3640  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_parametallic_622" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Parametallic Magnesite Hull Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_5_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 798 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.4 energy = 5.58 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship super_battleship xindi_weapon fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka xindi_planet_killer_degra fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_6_M"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 5020  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_parametallic_622" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Parametallic Magnesite Hull Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_5_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1063 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.86 energy = 7.44 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon fed_ent_naval_museum jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_6_N"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 6940  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_parametallic_622" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}
### Parametallic Magnesite Hull Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_5_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1417 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.48 energy = 9.92 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar research_starbase deep_space_starbase  nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_6_O"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 9590  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_parametallic_622" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 30
   }
}

### Non-Reactive Victurium Hull Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_6_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 31 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.06 energy = 0.22 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_7_A"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 140  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13097" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Non-Reactive Victurium Hull Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_6_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 41 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.08 energy = 0.29 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead transport shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_7_B"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 200  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13097" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Non-Reactive Victurium Hull Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_6_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 54 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.1 energy = 0.38 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette constructor ion_cannon }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_7_C"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 270  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13097" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Non-Reactive Victurium Hull Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_6_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 72 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.13 energy = 0.51 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science civ_raven fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_7_D"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 370  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13097" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Non-Reactive Victurium Hull Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_6_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 96 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.17 energy = 0.68 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger kdf_bop_brel rom_bop_jorek saber colonizer fed_frigate_california fed_frigate_galen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_7_E"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 520  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13097" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Non-Reactive Victurium Hull Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_6_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 128 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.23 energy = 0.9 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_jev rom_bop_arhael strike sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer ENT_seleya ENT_kumari la_sirena fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_7_F"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 700  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13097" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Non-Reactive Victurium Hull Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_6_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 171 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.3 energy = 1.2 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath rom_interceptor_tmara fed_explorer_cheyenne klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_7_G"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 980  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13097" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Non-Reactive Victurium Hull Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_6_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 228 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.4 energy = 1.6 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion steamrunner fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_7_H"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 1360  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13097" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Non-Reactive Victurium Hull Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_6_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 303 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.54 energy = 2.13 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_warbird_kanassarum sovereign exploration_cruiser military_station_small fed_carrier_sydney fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_7_I"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 1880  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13097" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Non-Reactive Victurium Hull Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_6_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 404 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.71 energy = 2.83 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus fallen_interdictor fallen_attack military_station_medium fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_7_J"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 2600  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13097" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Non-Reactive Victurium Hull Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_6_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 539 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.95 energy = 3.77 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  assault_cruiser military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station fed_exploration_cruiser_federation fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_7_K"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 3590  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13097" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Non-Reactive Victurium Hull Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_6_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 718 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.26 energy = 5.03 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault adv_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_7_L"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 4960  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13097" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Non-Reactive Victurium Hull Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_6_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 957 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.68 energy = 6.7 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship super_battleship xindi_weapon fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka xindi_planet_killer_degra fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_7_M"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 6850  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13097" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Non-Reactive Victurium Hull Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_6_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1276 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.24 energy = 8.93 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon fed_ent_naval_museum jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_7_N"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 9470  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13097" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Non-Reactive Victurium Hull Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_6_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1700 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.98 energy = 11.9 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar research_starbase deep_space_starbase  nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_7_O"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 13080  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13097" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}

### Duranide Alloy Hull Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_7_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 34 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.06 energy = 0.24 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_8_A"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 160  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13098" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Duranide Alloy Hull Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_7_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 45 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.08 energy = 0.31 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead transport shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_8_B"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 220  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13098" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Duranide Alloy Hull Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_7_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 59 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.11 energy = 0.42 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette constructor ion_cannon }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_8_C"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 310  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13098" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Duranide Alloy Hull Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_7_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 79 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.14 energy = 0.56 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science civ_raven fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_8_D"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 420  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13098" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Duranide Alloy Hull Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_7_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 105 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.19 energy = 0.74 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_challenger kdf_bop_brel rom_bop_jorek saber colonizer fed_frigate_california fed_frigate_galen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_8_E"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 580  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13098" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Duranide Alloy Hull Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_7_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 140 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.25 energy = 0.98 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_bop_pagh rom_bop_arhael strike sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer ENT_seleya ENT_kumari la_sirena fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_8_F"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 800  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13098" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Duranide Alloy Hull Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_7_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 187 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.33 energy = 1.31 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_raider_klalath rom_interceptor_tmara fed_explorer_cheyenne klingon_houses_raider_klalath fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_8_G"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 1120  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13098" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Duranide Alloy Hull Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_7_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 249 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.44 energy = 1.74 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tdair steamrunner }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_8_H"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 1540  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13098" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Duranide Alloy Hull Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_7_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 332 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.58 energy = 2.32 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_warbird_kanassarum sovereign exploration_cruiser military_station_small fed_carrier_sydney fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_8_I"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 2130  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13098" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Duranide Alloy Hull Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_7_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 442 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.78 energy = 3.09 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_starbird_valkis fallen_interdictor fallen_attack military_station_medium fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_8_J"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 2940  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13098" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Duranide Alloy Hull Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_7_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 589 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.03 energy = 4.12 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  assault_cruiser military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_8_K"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 4070  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13098" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Duranide Alloy Hull Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_7_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 785 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.38 energy = 5.49 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault adv_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_8_L"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 5620  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13098" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Duranide Alloy Hull Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_7_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1046 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.83 energy = 7.32 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship super_battleship xindi_weapon fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka xindi_planet_killer_degra fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_8_M"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 7760  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13098" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Duranide Alloy Hull Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_7_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1394 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.44 energy = 9.76 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon fed_ent_naval_museum jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_8_N"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 10730  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13098" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Duranide Alloy Hull Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_7_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1858 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.25 energy = 13 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar research_starbase deep_space_starbase  nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_8_O"
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 14820  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13098" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}

### Plasticised Tritanium Mesh Hull Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_8_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 36 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.07 energy = 0.25 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 military_defense_fed_4 }
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 180  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13099" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Plasticised Tritanium Mesh Hull Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_8_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 48 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.09 energy = 0.34 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead transport shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 250  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13099" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Plasticised Tritanium Mesh Hull Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_8_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 63 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.12 energy = 0.45 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette constructor ion_cannon }
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 340  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13099" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Plasticised Tritanium Mesh Hull Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_8_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 84 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.15 energy = 0.59 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science civ_raven fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar }
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 470  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13099" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Plasticised Tritanium Mesh Hull Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_8_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 112 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.2 energy = 0.79 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_challenger kdf_bop_brel saber colonizer fed_frigate_california fed_frigate_galen }
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 650  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13099" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Plasticised Tritanium Mesh Hull Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_8_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 150 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.27 energy = 1.05 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_bop_pagh rom_bop_arhael strike sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer ENT_seleya ENT_kumari la_sirena fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant }
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 900  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13099" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Plasticised Tritanium Mesh Hull Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_8_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 199 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.35 energy = 1.4 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_raider_klalath rom_interceptor_tmara fed_explorer_cheyenne klingon_houses_raider_klalath fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod }
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 1250  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13099" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Plasticised Tritanium Mesh Hull Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_8_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 266 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.47 energy = 1.86 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort rom_interceptor_tdair steamrunner }
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 1720  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13099" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Plasticised Tritanium Mesh Hull Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_8_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 354 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.62 energy = 2.48 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas kdf_battlecruiser_norgh sovereign exploration_cruiser military_station_small fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 2380  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13099" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Plasticised Tritanium Mesh Hull Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_8_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 472 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.83 energy = 3.3 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj fallen_interdictor fallen_attack military_station_medium fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha }
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 3290  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13099" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Plasticised Tritanium Mesh Hull Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_8_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 629 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.1 energy = 4.4 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  assault_cruiser military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 4540  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13099" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Plasticised Tritanium Mesh Hull Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_8_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 838 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.47 energy = 5.87 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak fallen_assault adv_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian }
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 6280  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13099" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Plasticised Tritanium Mesh Hull Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_8_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1116 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.96 energy = 7.82 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_flagship super_battleship xindi_weapon fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka xindi_planet_killer_degra fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur }
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 8680  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13099" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Plasticised Tritanium Mesh Hull Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_8_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1488 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.61 energy = 10.42 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon fed_ent_naval_museum jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one future_starbase }
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 11990  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13099" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}
### Plasticised Tritanium Mesh Hull Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_D_8_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_d_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1983 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.48 energy = 13.89 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar research_starbase deep_space_starbase  nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   modifier = { ships_upkeep_mult = -0.05   ship_hull_add = 16570  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_13099" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 60
   }
}

### Living Metallic Hull Type-1  - First Borg hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_1_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 34 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.1 sr_crew = 0.19 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_scout military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_2_A"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 30 ship_armor_add = 30 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 0.24 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_borg_hull" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Living Metallic Hull Type-2  - First Borg hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_1_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 46 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.13 sr_crew = 0.25 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead transport bajoran_lightship miradorn_raider shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_shuttlepod fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion fed_attack_wing_nx_beta }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_2_B"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 40 ship_armor_add = 40 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 0.33 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_borg_hull" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Living Metallic Hull Type-3  - First Borg hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_1_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 60 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.17 sr_crew = 0.33 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_emette kdf_bop_borghel kdf_bop_blasrika kdf_strike_ship_grethor rom_bop_rea rom_hero_ship_mimicus borg_probe corvette constructor ion_cannon borg_unimatrix_defense_small   fed_scout_freedom fed_scout_malachowski fed_frigate_discovery }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_2_C"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 60 ship_armor_add = 60 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 0.46 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_borg_hull" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Living Metallic Hull Type-4  - First Borg hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_1_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 80 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.22 sr_crew = 0.44 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_carrier_minuteman fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_qoj rom_bop_stanet borg_scout science xcv330 yridian_destroyer civ_raven klingon_houses_raptor_somraw klingon_houses_raptor_qoj undine_01_bio_frigate fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_2_D"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 80 ship_armor_add = 80 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 0.64 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_borg_hull" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Living Metallic Hull Type-5  - First Borg hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_1_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 107 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.29 sr_crew = 0.58 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_light_cruiser_intrepid_type fed_explorer_nx fed_mmv_poseidon fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_raptor_somraw kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_jorek rom_interceptor_tvaro rom_interceptor_arrenhe saber colonizer destroyer fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_heavy_cruiser_yorktown fed_carrier_sarajevo fed_frigate_galen }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_2_E"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 110 ship_armor_add = 110 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 0.88 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_borg_hull" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Living Metallic Hull Type-6  - First Borg hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_1_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 143 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.39 sr_crew = 0.77 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_bonaventure fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_explorer_hoover fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_jev kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_arhael rom_interceptor_tliss rom_warbird_tellus strike sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer ENT_seleya ENT_kumari la_sirena fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant fed_carrier_engle }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_2_F"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 260 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 1.21 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_borg_hull" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Living Metallic Hull Type-7  - First Borg hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_1_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 190 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.52 sr_crew = 1.03 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_stasek promellian_battlecruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod }
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 200 ship_armor_add = 200 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 1.68 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_borg_hull" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Living Metallic Hull Type-8  - First Borg hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_1_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 253 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.69 sr_crew = 1.37 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner battleship amarie_cruiser  klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 280 ship_armor_add = 280 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 2.32 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_borg_hull" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Living Metallic Hull Type-9  - First Borg hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_1_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 337 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.91 sr_crew = 1.82 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_hero_ship_constitution kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser cruiser military_station_small fed_carrier_sydney fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_2_I"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 390 ship_armor_add = 390 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 3.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_borg_hull" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Living Metallic Hull Type-10  - First Borg hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_1_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 449 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.22 sr_crew = 2.43 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus borg_pyramid fallen_interdictor fallen_attack military_station_medium fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha undine_01_bio_destroyer fed_carrier_ptolomy }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_2_J"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 530 ship_armor_add = 530 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 4.43 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_borg_hull" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Living Metallic Hull Type-12  - First Borg hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_1_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 599 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.62 sr_crew = 3.23 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  borg_sphere undine_01_bio_ship assault_cruiser titan military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station fed_exploration_cruiser_federation undine_01_bio_cruiser fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_2_K"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 740 ship_armor_add = 740 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 6.11 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_borg_hull" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Living Metallic Hull Type-14  - First Borg hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_1_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 798 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.16 sr_crew = 4.31 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak borg_diamond fallen_assault adv_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian undine_01_bio_raider }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_2_L"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 1020 ship_armor_add = 1020 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 8.45 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_borg_hull" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Living Metallic Hull Type-18  - First Borg hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_1_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1417 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.83 sr_crew = 7.66 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon borg_cube borg_tactical undine_01_bio_behemoth fed_ent_naval_museum jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one undine_01_bio_warship future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_2_N"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 1940 ship_armor_add = 1940 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 16.13 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_borg_hull" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Living Metallic Hull Type-20  - First Borg hull
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_1_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1889 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 5.1 sr_crew = 10.2 }
   }
   size_restriction = { super_cube man_war colossus undine_01_bio_vanquisher time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar research_starbase deep_space_starbase nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_2_O"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 2690 ship_armor_add = 2690 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 22.29 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_borg_hull" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}

### Duranium PolyWeave Hull Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_2_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 39 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.11 sr_crew = 0.21 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_3_A"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 40 ship_armor_add = 40 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 0.33 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1512" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Duranium PolyWeave Hull Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_2_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 52 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.14 sr_crew = 0.28 }
   }
   size_restriction = { transport }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_3_B"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 50 ship_armor_add = 50 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 0.45 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1512" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Duranium PolyWeave Hull Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_2_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 68 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.19 sr_crew = 0.37 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_probe constructor ion_cannon borg_unimatrix_defense_small }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_3_C"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 80 ship_armor_add = 80 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 0.62 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1512" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Duranium PolyWeave Hull Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_2_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 91 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.25 sr_crew = 0.49 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_scout science xcv330 civ_raven }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_3_D"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 100 ship_armor_add = 100 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 0.86 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1512" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Duranium PolyWeave Hull Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_2_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 121 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.33 sr_crew = 0.66 }
   }
   size_restriction = { colonizer }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_3_E"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 140 ship_armor_add = 140 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 1.19 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1512" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Duranium PolyWeave Hull Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_2_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 162 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.44 sr_crew = 0.87 }
   }
   size_restriction = { sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_3_F"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 350 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 1.65 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1512" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Duranium PolyWeave Hull Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_2_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 382 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.04 sr_crew = 2.07 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_station_small }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_3_I"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 520 ship_armor_add = 520 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 4.35 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1512" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Duranium PolyWeave Hull Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_2_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 509 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.38 sr_crew = 2.75 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_pyramid military_station_medium }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_3_J"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 720 ship_armor_add = 720 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 6.01 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1512" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Duranium PolyWeave Hull Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_2_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 678 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.84 sr_crew = 3.67 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_sphere military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_3_K"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 1000 ship_armor_add = 1000 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 8.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1512" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Duranium PolyWeave Hull Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_2_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 904 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.44 sr_crew = 4.88 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_diamond }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_3_L"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 1380 ship_armor_add = 1380 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 11.47 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1512" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Duranium PolyWeave Hull Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_2_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1606 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 4.34 sr_crew = 8.68 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_cube borg_tactical fed_ent_naval_museum jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_3_N"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 2640 ship_armor_add = 2640 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 21.89 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1512" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Duranium PolyWeave Hull Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_2_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2141 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 5.78 sr_crew = 11.56 }
   }
   size_restriction = { super_cube research_starbase deep_space_starbase nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_3_O"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 3640 ship_armor_add = 3640 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 30.25 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1512" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}

### Paricium Memory Foam Alloy Hull Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_3_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 43 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.12 sr_crew = 0.23 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_4_A"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 50 ship_armor_add = 50 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 0.41 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1514" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Paricium Memory Foam Alloy Hull Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_3_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 57 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.16 sr_crew = 0.31 }
   }
   size_restriction = { transport }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_4_B"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 70 ship_armor_add = 70 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 0.57 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1514" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Paricium Memory Foam Alloy Hull Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_3_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 75 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.21 sr_crew = 0.41 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_probe constructor ion_cannon borg_unimatrix_defense_small }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_4_C"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 100 ship_armor_add = 100 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 0.79 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1514" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Paricium Memory Foam Alloy Hull Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_3_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 100 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.27 sr_crew = 0.54 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_scout science xcv330 civ_raven }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_4_D"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 130 ship_armor_add = 130 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 1.09 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1514" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Paricium Memory Foam Alloy Hull Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_3_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 134 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.36 sr_crew = 0.72 }
   }
   size_restriction = { colonizer }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_4_E"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 180 ship_armor_add = 180 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 1.51 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1514" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Paricium Memory Foam Alloy Hull Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_3_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 178 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.48 sr_crew = 0.96 }
   }
   size_restriction = { sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_4_F"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 440 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 2.08 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1514" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Paricium Memory Foam Alloy Hull Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_3_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 421 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.14 sr_crew = 2.28 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_station_small }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_4_I"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 660 ship_armor_add = 660 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 5.49 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1514" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Paricium Memory Foam Alloy Hull Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_3_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 561 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.52 sr_crew = 3.03 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_pyramid military_station_medium }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_4_J"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 910 ship_armor_add = 910 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 7.59 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1514" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Paricium Memory Foam Alloy Hull Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_3_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 748 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.02 sr_crew = 4.04 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_sphere military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_4_K"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 1260 ship_armor_add = 1260 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 10.48 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1514" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Paricium Memory Foam Alloy Hull Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_3_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 997 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.7 sr_crew = 5.39 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_diamond }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_4_L"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 1750 ship_armor_add = 1750 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 14.48 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1514" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Paricium Memory Foam Alloy Hull Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_3_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1771 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 4.79 sr_crew = 9.57 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_cube borg_tactical fed_ent_naval_museum jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_4_N"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 3330 ship_armor_add = 3330 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 27.65 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1514" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Paricium Memory Foam Alloy Hull Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_3_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2361 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 6.38 sr_crew = 12.75 }
   }
   size_restriction = { super_cube research_starbase deep_space_starbase nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_4_O"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 4600 ship_armor_add = 4600 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 38.21 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1514" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}

### Duranium Buckyball Sheeting Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_4_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 51 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.14 sr_crew = 0.28 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_5_A"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 70 ship_armor_add = 70 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 0.59 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1515" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Duranium Buckyball Sheeting Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_4_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 68 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.19 sr_crew = 0.37 }
   }
   size_restriction = { transport }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_5_B"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 100 ship_armor_add = 100 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 0.81 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1515" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Duranium Buckyball Sheeting Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_4_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 90 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.25 sr_crew = 0.49 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_probe constructor ion_cannon borg_unimatrix_defense_small }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_5_C"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 130 ship_armor_add = 130 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 1.12 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1515" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Duranium Buckyball Sheeting Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_4_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 120 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.33 sr_crew = 0.65 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_scout science xcv330 civ_raven }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_5_D"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 190 ship_armor_add = 190 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 1.54 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1515" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Duranium Buckyball Sheeting Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_4_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 160 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.44 sr_crew = 0.87 }
   }
   size_restriction = { colonizer }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_5_E"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 260 ship_armor_add = 260 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 2.13 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1515" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Duranium Buckyball Sheeting Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_4_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 214 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.58 sr_crew = 1.16 }
   }
   size_restriction = { sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_5_F"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 620 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 2.95 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1515" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Duranium Buckyball Sheeting Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_4_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 505 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.37 sr_crew = 2.73 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_station_small }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_5_I"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 940 ship_armor_add = 940 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 7.78 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1515" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Duranium Buckyball Sheeting Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_4_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 674 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.82 sr_crew = 3.64 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_pyramid military_station_medium }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_5_J"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 1290 ship_armor_add = 1290 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 10.75 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1515" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Duranium Buckyball Sheeting Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_4_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 898 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.43 sr_crew = 4.85 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_sphere military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_5_K"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 1790 ship_armor_add = 1790 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 14.85 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1515" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Duranium Buckyball Sheeting Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_4_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1196 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.23 sr_crew = 6.46 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_diamond }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_5_L"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 2470 ship_armor_add = 2470 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 20.52 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1515" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Duranium Buckyball Sheeting Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_4_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2126 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 5.74 sr_crew = 11.48 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_cube borg_tactical fed_ent_naval_museum jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_5_N"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 4720 ship_armor_add = 4720 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 39.18 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1515" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}
### Duranium Buckyball Sheeting Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_4_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2833 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 7.65 sr_crew = 15.3 }
   }
   size_restriction = { super_cube research_starbase deep_space_starbase nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_5_O"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 6520 ship_armor_add = 6520 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 54.13 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1515" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 250
   }
}

### Kelindide-Victurium Composite Hull Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_5_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 56 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.15 sr_crew = 0.3 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_6_A"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 80 ship_armor_add = 80 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 0.67 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1516" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Kelindide-Victurium Composite Hull Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_5_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 74 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.2 sr_crew = 0.4 }
   }
   size_restriction = { transport }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_6_B"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 110 ship_armor_add = 110 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 0.93 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1516" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Kelindide-Victurium Composite Hull Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_5_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 98 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.27 sr_crew = 0.53 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_probe constructor ion_cannon borg_unimatrix_defense_small }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_6_C"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 150 ship_armor_add = 150 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 1.28 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1516" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Kelindide-Victurium Composite Hull Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_5_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 131 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.36 sr_crew = 0.71 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_scout science xcv330 civ_raven }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_6_D"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 210 ship_armor_add = 210 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 1.77 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1516" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Kelindide-Victurium Composite Hull Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_5_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 175 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.48 sr_crew = 0.95 }
   }
   size_restriction = { colonizer }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_6_E"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 290 ship_armor_add = 290 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 2.45 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1516" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Kelindide-Victurium Composite Hull Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_5_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 233 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.63 sr_crew = 1.26 }
   }
   size_restriction = { sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_6_F"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 700 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 3.38 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1516" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Kelindide-Victurium Composite Hull Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_5_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 550 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.49 sr_crew = 2.97 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_station_small }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_6_I"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 1070 ship_armor_add = 1070 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 8.92 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1516" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Kelindide-Victurium Composite Hull Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_5_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 733 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.98 sr_crew = 3.96 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_pyramid military_station_medium }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_6_J"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 1490 ship_armor_add = 1490 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 12.33 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1516" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Kelindide-Victurium Composite Hull Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_5_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 977 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.64 sr_crew = 5.28 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_sphere military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_6_K"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 2050 ship_armor_add = 2050 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 17.03 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1516" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Kelindide-Victurium Composite Hull Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_5_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1303 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.52 sr_crew = 7.04 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_diamond }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_6_L"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 2840 ship_armor_add = 2840 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 23.54 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1516" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Kelindide-Victurium Composite Hull Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_5_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2314 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 6.25 sr_crew = 12.5 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_cube borg_tactical fed_ent_naval_museum jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_6_N"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 5410 ship_armor_add = 5410 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 44.94 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1516" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Kelindide-Victurium Composite Hull Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_5_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 3085 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 8.33 sr_crew = 16.66 }
   }
   size_restriction = { super_cube research_starbase deep_space_starbase nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_6_O"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 7480 ship_armor_add = 7480 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 62.09 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1516" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}

### Tetraburnium Nano-Weave Hull Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_6_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 64 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.18 sr_crew = 0.35 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_7_A"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 100 ship_armor_add = 100 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 0.84 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1518" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Tetraburnium Nano-Weave Hull Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_6_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 85 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.23 sr_crew = 0.46 }
   }
   size_restriction = { transport }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_7_B"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 140 ship_armor_add = 140 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 1.17 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1518" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Tetraburnium Nano-Weave Hull Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_6_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 113 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.31 sr_crew = 0.62 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_probe constructor ion_cannon borg_unimatrix_defense_small }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_7_C"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 190 ship_armor_add = 190 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 1.61 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1518" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Tetraburnium Nano-Weave Hull Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_6_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 151 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.41 sr_crew = 0.82 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_scout science xcv330 civ_raven }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_7_D"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 270 ship_armor_add = 270 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 2.23 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1518" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Tetraburnium Nano-Weave Hull Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_6_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 201 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.55 sr_crew = 1.09 }
   }
   size_restriction = { colonizer }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_7_E"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 370 ship_armor_add = 370 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 3.07 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1518" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Tetraburnium Nano-Weave Hull Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_6_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 268 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.73 sr_crew = 1.45 }
   }
   size_restriction = { sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_7_F"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 900 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 4.25 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1518" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Tetraburnium Nano-Weave Hull Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_6_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 634 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.72 sr_crew = 3.43 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_station_small }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_7_I"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 1350 ship_armor_add = 1350 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 11.21 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1518" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Tetraburnium Nano-Weave Hull Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_6_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 846 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.29 sr_crew = 4.57 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_pyramid military_station_medium }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_7_J"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 1870 ship_armor_add = 1870 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 15.49 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1518" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Tetraburnium Nano-Weave Hull Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_6_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1127 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.05 sr_crew = 6.09 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_sphere military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_7_K"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 2580 ship_armor_add = 2580 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 21.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1518" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Tetraburnium Nano-Weave Hull Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_6_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1502 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 4.06 sr_crew = 8.11 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_diamond }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_7_L"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 3560 ship_armor_add = 3560 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 29.57 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1518" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Tetraburnium Nano-Weave Hull Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_6_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2669 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 7.21 sr_crew = 14.41 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_cube borg_tactical fed_ent_naval_museum jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_7_N"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 6800 ship_armor_add = 6800 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 56.46 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1518" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}
### Tetraburnium Nano-Weave Hull Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_6_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 3557 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 9.61 sr_crew = 19.21 }
   }
   size_restriction = { super_cube research_starbase deep_space_starbase nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_7_O"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 9400 ship_armor_add = 9400 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 78.01 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1518" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 350
   }
}

### Tritanium Mesh Hull Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_7_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 68 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.19 sr_crew = 0.37 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_8_A"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 110 ship_armor_add = 110 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 0.93 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1520" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Tritanium Mesh Hull Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_7_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 91 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.25 sr_crew = 0.49 }
   }
   size_restriction = { transport }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_8_B"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 150 ship_armor_add = 150 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 1.28 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1520" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Tritanium Mesh Hull Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_7_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 120 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.33 sr_crew = 0.65 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_probe constructor ion_cannon borg_unimatrix_defense_small }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_8_C"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 210 ship_armor_add = 210 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 1.77 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1520" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Tritanium Mesh Hull Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_7_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 160 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.44 sr_crew = 0.87 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_scout science xcv330 civ_raven }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_8_D"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 300 ship_armor_add = 300 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 2.45 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1520" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Tritanium Mesh Hull Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_7_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 214 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.58 sr_crew = 1.16 }
   }
   size_restriction = { colonizer }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_8_E"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 410 ship_armor_add = 410 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 3.39 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1520" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Tritanium Mesh Hull Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_7_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 285 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.77 sr_crew = 1.54 }
   }
   size_restriction = { sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_8_F"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 1000 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 4.68 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1520" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Tritanium Mesh Hull Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_7_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 674 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.82 sr_crew = 3.64 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_station_small }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_8_I"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 1490 ship_armor_add = 1490 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 12.35 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1520" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Tritanium Mesh Hull Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_7_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 898 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.43 sr_crew = 4.85 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_pyramid military_station_medium }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_8_J"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 2060 ship_armor_add = 2060 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 17.07 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1520" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Tritanium Mesh Hull Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_7_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1197 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.23 sr_crew = 6.46 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_sphere military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_8_K"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 2840 ship_armor_add = 2840 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 23.59 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1520" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Tritanium Mesh Hull Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_7_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1595 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 4.31 sr_crew = 8.62 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_diamond }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_8_L"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 3930 ship_armor_add = 3930 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 32.59 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1520" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Tritanium Mesh Hull Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_7_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2834 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 7.66 sr_crew = 15.31 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_cube borg_tactical fed_ent_naval_museum jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_8_N"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 7500 ship_armor_add = 7500 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 62.22 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1520" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Tritanium Mesh Hull Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_7_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 3777 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 10.2 sr_crew = 20.4 }
   }
   size_restriction = { super_cube research_starbase deep_space_starbase nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_8_O"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 10360 ship_armor_add = 10360 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 85.98 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1520" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}

### Tritanium Shape Memory Alloy Hull Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_8_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 73 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.2 sr_crew = 0.39 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 military_defense_fed_4 }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_9_A"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 120 ship_armor_add = 120 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 1.02 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1522" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Tritanium Shape Memory Alloy Hull Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_8_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 97 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.26 sr_crew = 0.52 }
   }
   size_restriction = { transport }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_9_B"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 170 ship_armor_add = 170 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 1.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1522" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Tritanium Shape Memory Alloy Hull Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_8_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 128 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.35 sr_crew = 0.7 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_probe constructor ion_cannon borg_unimatrix_defense_small }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_9_C"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 230 ship_armor_add = 230 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 1.94 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1522" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Tritanium Shape Memory Alloy Hull Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_8_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 171 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.47 sr_crew = 0.93 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_scout science xcv330 civ_raven }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_9_D"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 320 ship_armor_add = 320 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 2.68 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1522" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Tritanium Shape Memory Alloy Hull Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_8_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 228 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.62 sr_crew = 1.23 }
   }
   size_restriction = { colonizer }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_9_E"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 450 ship_armor_add = 450 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 3.7 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1522" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Tritanium Shape Memory Alloy Hull Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_8_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 304 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.82 sr_crew = 1.64 }
   }
   size_restriction = { sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_9_F"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 1100 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 5.12 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1522" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Tritanium Shape Memory Alloy Hull Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_8_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 719 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.94 sr_crew = 3.88 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_station_small }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_9_I"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 1630 ship_armor_add = 1630 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 13.5 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1522" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Tritanium Shape Memory Alloy Hull Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_8_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 958 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.59 sr_crew = 5.17 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_pyramid military_station_medium }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_9_J"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 2250 ship_armor_add = 2250 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 18.65 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1522" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Tritanium Shape Memory Alloy Hull Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_8_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1277 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.45 sr_crew = 6.9 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_sphere military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_9_K"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 3100 ship_armor_add = 3100 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 25.77 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1522" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Tritanium Shape Memory Alloy Hull Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_8_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1701 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 4.6 sr_crew = 9.19 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_diamond }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_9_L"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 4290 ship_armor_add = 4290 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 35.61 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1522" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Tritanium Shape Memory Alloy Hull Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_8_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 3023 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 8.17 sr_crew = 16.33 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_cube borg_tactical fed_ent_naval_museum jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one future_starbase }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_9_N"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 8190 ship_armor_add = 8190 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 67.98 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1522" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Tritanium Shape Memory Alloy Hull Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_8_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 4029 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 10.88 sr_crew = 21.76 }
   }
   size_restriction = { super_cube research_starbase deep_space_starbase nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_9_O"
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 11320 ship_armor_add = 11320 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 93.94 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_materials_1522" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}

### Victurium Shape Memory Alloy Hull Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_9_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 75 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.19 sr_crew = 0.37 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_defense_fed_1 military_defense_fed_2 military_defense_fed_3 military_defense_rom_1 military_defense_kdf_1 military_defense_kdf_2 military_defense_car_1 military_defense_dom_1 military_defense_generic_1 military_defense_fed_4 }
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 130 ship_armor_add = 130 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 1.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_14018" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Victurium Shape Memory Alloy Hull Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_9_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 100 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.25 sr_crew = 0.5 }
   }
   size_restriction = { transport }
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 180 ship_armor_add = 180 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 1.52 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_14018" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Victurium Shape Memory Alloy Hull Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_9_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 132 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.33 sr_crew = 0.66 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_probe constructor ion_cannon borg_unimatrix_defense_small }
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 250 ship_armor_add = 250 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 2.1 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_14018" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Victurium Shape Memory Alloy Hull Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_9_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 176 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.44 sr_crew = 0.88 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_scout science xcv330 civ_raven }
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 350 ship_armor_add = 350 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 2.91 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_14018" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Victurium Shape Memory Alloy Hull Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_9_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 235 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.59 sr_crew = 1.17 }
   }
   size_restriction = { colonizer }
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 480 ship_armor_add = 480 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 4.02 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_14018" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Victurium Shape Memory Alloy Hull Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_9_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 313 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.78 sr_crew = 1.55 }
   }
   size_restriction = { sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer }
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 1100 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 5.55 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_14018" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Victurium Shape Memory Alloy Hull Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_9_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 741 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 1.84 sr_crew = 3.67 }
   }
   size_restriction = { military_station_small }
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 1760 ship_armor_add = 1760 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 14.64 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_14018" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Victurium Shape Memory Alloy Hull Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_9_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 988 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 2.45 sr_crew = 4.89 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_pyramid military_station_medium }
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 2440 ship_armor_add = 2440 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 20.23 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_14018" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Victurium Shape Memory Alloy Hull Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_9_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1316 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 3.26 sr_crew = 6.52 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_sphere military_station_large cardassian_cannon orbital_cannon enclave_mercenary_station }
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 3370 ship_armor_add = 3370 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 27.95 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_14018" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Victurium Shape Memory Alloy Hull Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_9_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1755 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 4.35 sr_crew = 8.69 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_diamond }
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 4650 ship_armor_add = 4650 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 38.62 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_14018" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Victurium Shape Memory Alloy Hull Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_9_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 3117 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 7.72 sr_crew = 15.43 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_cube borg_tactical fed_ent_naval_museum jupiter_station  gen_science_station mckinley_station starbase_one future_starbase }
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 8880 ship_armor_add = 8880 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 73.74 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_14018" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
### Victurium Shape Memory Alloy Hull Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_HULL_BORG_9_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_hull_borg_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 0
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 4155 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 10.29 sr_crew = 20.57 }
   }
   size_restriction = { super_cube research_starbase deep_space_starbase nor_starbase_nor klingon_juggernaut federation_member_world_shipyard  }
   modifier = {    ship_hull_add = 12280 ship_armor_add = 12280 ship_hull_regen_add_static = 101.9 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_14018" }
   component_set = "required_hull"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 450
   }
}
