### Internal Reactor Type-1  - null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_NULL_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_null"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 60
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.01 energy = 0.02 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_scout constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer xcv330 }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.01  }
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_null_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_null_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_null_winddown
	}
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Internal Reactor Type-2  - null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_NULL_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_null"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 70
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.01 energy = 0.02 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead miradorn_raider shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_shuttlepod fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion fed_attack_wing_nx_beta }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.01  }
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_null_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_null_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_null_winddown
	}
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Internal Reactor Type-3  - null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_NULL_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_null"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 100
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.01 energy = 0.02 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_emette kdf_bop_borghel kdf_bop_blasrika rom_bop_rea rom_hero_ship_mimicus borg_probe corvette science  civ_raven   fed_scout_freedom fed_scout_malachowski fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_frigate_discovery fed_scout_akyazi }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.01  }
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_null_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_null_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_null_winddown
	}
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Internal Reactor Type-4  - null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_NULL_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_null"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 130
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.01 energy = 0.03 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_carrier_sarajevo fed_carrier_minuteman fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_strike_ship_grethor kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_qoj rom_bop_stanet borg_scout bajoran_lightship yridian_destroyer klingon_houses_raptor_qoj undine_01_bio_frigate }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.01  }
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_null_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_null_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_null_winddown
	}
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Internal Reactor Type-5  - null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_NULL_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_null"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 170
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.01 energy = 0.04 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_light_cruiser_intrepid_type fed_explorer_nx fed_mmv_poseidon fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_somraw kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_jorek rom_interceptor_tvaro rom_interceptor_arrenhe saber destroyer fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raptor_somraw klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_heavy_cruiser_yorktown fed_frigate_galen }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.01  }
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_null_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_null_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_null_winddown
	}
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Internal Reactor Type-6  - null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_NULL_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_null"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 230
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 3 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.02 energy = 0.05 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_bonaventure fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_explorer_hoover kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_arhael rom_interceptor_tliss ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant fed_carrier_engle }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.01  }
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_null_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_null_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_null_winddown
	}
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Internal Reactor Type-7  - null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_NULL_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_null"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 310
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 4 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.02 energy = 0.07 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz kdf_raptor_jev kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_tellus strike promellian_battlecruiser klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.02  }
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_null_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_null_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_null_winddown
	}
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Internal Reactor Type-8  - null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_NULL_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_null"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 410
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 5 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.03 energy = 0.09 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_stasek rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner battleship amarie_cruiser la_sirena klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.02  }
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_null_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_null_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_null_winddown
	}
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Internal Reactor Type-9  - null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_NULL_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_null"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 550
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 6 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.03 energy = 0.12 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_hero_ship_constitution fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser cruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.02  }
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_null_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_null_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_null_winddown
	}
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Internal Reactor Type-10  - null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_NULL_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_null"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 730
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 8 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.04 energy = 0.15 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan  fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus borg_pyramid fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha undine_01_bio_destroyer fed_carrier_ptolomy fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.02  }
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_null_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_null_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_null_winddown
	}
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Internal Reactor Type-12  - null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_NULL_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_null"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 980
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 10 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.05 energy = 0.2 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  borg_sphere undine_01_bio_ship fallen_interdictor fallen_attack adv_cruiser titan fed_exploration_cruiser_federation cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian undine_01_bio_cruiser fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.02  }
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_null_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_null_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_null_winddown
	}
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Internal Reactor Type-14  - null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_NULL_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_null"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1300
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 14 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.07 energy = 0.27 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak borg_diamond assault_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar undine_01_bio_raider fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.03  }
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_null_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_null_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_null_winddown
	}
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Internal Reactor Type-16  - null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_NULL_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_null"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1740
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 18 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.09 energy = 0.36 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike borg_cube fallen_assault super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance undine_01_bio_battleship undine_01_bio_infester cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.03  }
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_null_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_null_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_null_winddown
	}
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Internal Reactor Type-18  - null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_NULL_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_null"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2310
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 24 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.12 energy = 0.48 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon borg_tactical undine_01_bio_behemoth fallen_flagship xindi_weapon undine_01_bio_warship xindi_planet_killer_degra }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.04  }
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_null_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_null_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_null_winddown
	}
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Internal Reactor Type-20  - null
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_NULL_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_null"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 3080
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 32 }
      upkeep = { alloys = 0.16 energy = 0.63 }
   }
   size_restriction = { super_cube man_war colossus undine_01_bio_vanquisher time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.04  }
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_null_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_null_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_null_winddown
	}
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}

### Basic Warp Engine Type-1  - Standard warp for most
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_1_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 80
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 5 sr_dilithium = 13 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.17 }
   }
   size_restriction = { undine_01_bio_scout constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer xcv330 }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_2_A"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.01  }
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_1_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_warp_engine" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Basic Warp Engine Type-2  - Standard warp for most
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_1_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 110
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 6 sr_dilithium = 17 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.23 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead miradorn_raider shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_shuttlepod fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion fed_attack_wing_nx_beta }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_2_B"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.01  }
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_1_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_warp_engine" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Basic Warp Engine Type-3  - Standard warp for most
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_1_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 160
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 8 sr_dilithium = 23 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.3 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_emette kdf_bop_borghel kdf_bop_blasrika rom_bop_rea rom_hero_ship_mimicus borg_probe corvette science  civ_raven   fed_scout_freedom fed_scout_malachowski fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_frigate_discovery fed_scout_akyazi }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_2_C"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.01  }
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_1_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_warp_engine" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Basic Warp Engine Type-4  - Standard warp for most
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_1_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 190
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 10 sr_dilithium = 30 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.4 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_carrier_sarajevo fed_carrier_minuteman fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_strike_ship_grethor kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_qoj rom_bop_stanet borg_scout bajoran_lightship yridian_destroyer klingon_houses_raptor_qoj undine_01_bio_frigate }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_2_D"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.01  }
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_1_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_warp_engine" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Basic Warp Engine Type-5  - Standard warp for most
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_1_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 250
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 14 sr_dilithium = 40 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.54 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_light_cruiser_intrepid_type fed_explorer_nx fed_mmv_poseidon fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_somraw kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_jorek rom_interceptor_tvaro rom_interceptor_arrenhe saber destroyer fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raptor_somraw klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_heavy_cruiser_yorktown fed_frigate_galen }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_2_E"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.01  }
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_1_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_warp_engine" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Basic Warp Engine Type-6  - Standard warp for most
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_1_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 330
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 18 sr_dilithium = 54 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.72 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_bonaventure fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_explorer_hoover kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_arhael rom_interceptor_tliss ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant fed_carrier_engle }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_2_F"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.01  }
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_1_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_warp_engine" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Basic Warp Engine Type-7  - Standard warp for most
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_1_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 440
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 24 sr_dilithium = 72 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.95 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz kdf_raptor_jev kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_tellus strike promellian_battlecruiser klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_2_G"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.02  }
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_1_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_warp_engine" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Basic Warp Engine Type-8  - Standard warp for most
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_1_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 590
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 32 sr_dilithium = 95 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.27 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_stasek rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner battleship amarie_cruiser la_sirena klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_2_H"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.02  }
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_1_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_warp_engine" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Basic Warp Engine Type-9  - Standard warp for most
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_1_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 790
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 43 sr_dilithium = 127 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.69 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_hero_ship_constitution fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser cruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_2_I"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.02  }
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_1_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_warp_engine" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Basic Warp Engine Type-10  - Standard warp for most
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_1_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1050
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 57 sr_dilithium = 169 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 2.25 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus borg_pyramid fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha undine_01_bio_destroyer fed_carrier_ptolomy fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_2_J"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.02  }
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_1_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_warp_engine" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Basic Warp Engine Type-12  - Standard warp for most
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_1_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1400
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 75 sr_dilithium = 225 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 3 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  borg_sphere undine_01_bio_ship fallen_interdictor fallen_attack adv_cruiser titan fed_exploration_cruiser_federation cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian undine_01_bio_cruiser fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_2_K"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.02  }
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_1_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_warp_engine" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Basic Warp Engine Type-14  - Standard warp for most
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_1_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1860
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 100 sr_dilithium = 299 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 3.99 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak borg_diamond assault_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar undine_01_bio_raider fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_2_L"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.03  }
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_1_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_warp_engine" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Basic Warp Engine Type-16  - Standard warp for most
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_1_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2480
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 133 sr_dilithium = 399 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 5.32 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike borg_cube fallen_assault super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance undine_01_bio_battleship undine_01_bio_infester cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_2_M"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.03  }
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_1_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_warp_engine" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Basic Warp Engine Type-18  - Standard warp for most
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_1_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 3310
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 178 sr_dilithium = 532 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 7.09 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon borg_tactical undine_01_bio_behemoth fallen_flagship xindi_weapon undine_01_bio_warship xindi_planet_killer_degra }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_2_N"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.04  }
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_1_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_warp_engine" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}
### Basic Warp Engine Type-20  - Standard warp for most
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_1_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 4410
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 237 sr_dilithium = 709 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 9.45 }
   }
   size_restriction = { super_cube man_war colossus undine_01_bio_vanquisher time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_2_O"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.04  }
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_1_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_warp_engine" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 40
   }
}

### Yoyodine Pulse Fusion Warp Engine Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_2_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 100
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 5 sr_dilithium = 15 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.2 }
   }
   size_restriction = { constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer xcv330 }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_3_A"
   ship_modifier = { ship_interstellar_speed_mult = 1    }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.01  }
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_2_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_136" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 45
   }
}
### Yoyodine Pulse Fusion Warp Engine Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_2_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 140
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 6 sr_dilithium = 20 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.26 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead miradorn_raider shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_shuttlepod fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion fed_attack_wing_nx_beta }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_3_B"
   ship_modifier = { ship_interstellar_speed_mult = 1    }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.02  }
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_2_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_136" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 45
   }
}
### Yoyodine Pulse Fusion Warp Engine Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_2_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 210
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 8 sr_dilithium = 27 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.34 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_emette kdf_bop_borghel kdf_bop_blasrika rom_bop_rea rom_hero_ship_mimicus corvette science civ_raven fed_scout_freedom fed_scout_malachowski fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_frigate_discovery fed_scout_akyazi }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_3_C"
   ship_modifier = { ship_interstellar_speed_mult = 1    }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.02  }
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_2_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_136" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 45
   }
}
### Yoyodine Pulse Fusion Warp Engine Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_2_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 240
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 11 sr_dilithium = 35 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.46 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_carrier_sarajevo fed_carrier_minuteman fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_strike_ship_grethor kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_qoj rom_bop_stanet bajoran_lightship yridian_destroyer klingon_houses_raptor_qoj }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_3_D"
   ship_modifier = { ship_interstellar_speed_mult = 1    }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.02  }
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_2_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_136" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 45
   }
}
### Yoyodine Pulse Fusion Warp Engine Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_2_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 320
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 14 sr_dilithium = 47 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.61 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_light_cruiser_intrepid_type fed_explorer_nx fed_mmv_poseidon fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_somraw kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_jorek rom_interceptor_tvaro rom_interceptor_arrenhe saber destroyer fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raptor_somraw klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_heavy_cruiser_yorktown fed_frigate_galen }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_3_E"
   ship_modifier = { ship_interstellar_speed_mult = 1    }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.02  }
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_2_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_136" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 45
   }
}
### Yoyodine Pulse Fusion Warp Engine Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_2_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 430
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 19 sr_dilithium = 63 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.81 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_bonaventure fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_explorer_hoover kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_arhael rom_interceptor_tliss ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant fed_carrier_engle }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_3_F"
   ship_modifier = { ship_interstellar_speed_mult = 1    }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.02  }
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_2_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_136" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 45
   }
}
### Yoyodine Pulse Fusion Warp Engine Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_2_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 570
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 25 sr_dilithium = 83 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.08 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz kdf_raptor_jev kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_tellus strike promellian_battlecruiser klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_3_G"
   ship_modifier = { ship_interstellar_speed_mult = 1    }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.03  }
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_2_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_136" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 45
   }
}
### Yoyodine Pulse Fusion Warp Engine Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_2_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 770
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 33 sr_dilithium = 111 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.44 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_stasek rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner battleship amarie_cruiser la_sirena klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_3_H"
   ship_modifier = { ship_interstellar_speed_mult = 1    }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.03  }
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_2_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_136" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 45
   }
}
### Yoyodine Pulse Fusion Warp Engine Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_2_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1020
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 44 sr_dilithium = 147 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.91 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_hero_ship_constitution fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser cruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_3_I"
   ship_modifier = { ship_interstellar_speed_mult = 1    }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.03  }
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_2_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_136" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 45
   }
}
### Yoyodine Pulse Fusion Warp Engine Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_2_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1360
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 59 sr_dilithium = 196 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 2.55 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_ptolomy fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_3_J"
   ship_modifier = { ship_interstellar_speed_mult = 1    }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.04  }
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_2_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_136" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 45
   }
}
### Yoyodine Pulse Fusion Warp Engine Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_2_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1810
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 78 sr_dilithium = 261 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 3.39 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  fallen_interdictor fallen_attack adv_cruiser titan fed_exploration_cruiser_federation cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_3_K"
   ship_modifier = { ship_interstellar_speed_mult = 1    }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.04  }
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_2_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_136" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 45
   }
}
### Yoyodine Pulse Fusion Warp Engine Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_2_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2420
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 104 sr_dilithium = 348 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 4.52 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak assault_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_3_L"
   ship_modifier = { ship_interstellar_speed_mult = 1    }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.05  }
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_2_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_136" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 45
   }
}
### Yoyodine Pulse Fusion Warp Engine Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_2_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 3220
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 139 sr_dilithium = 464 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 6.03 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_assault super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_3_M"
   ship_modifier = { ship_interstellar_speed_mult = 1    }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.06  }
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_2_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_136" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 45
   }
}
### Yoyodine Pulse Fusion Warp Engine Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_2_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 4300
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 185 sr_dilithium = 619 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 8.03 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon fallen_flagship xindi_weapon xindi_planet_killer_degra }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_3_N"
   ship_modifier = { ship_interstellar_speed_mult = 1    }
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = 1
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_2_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.07  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_136" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 45
   }
}
### Yoyodine Pulse Fusion Warp Engine Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_2_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 5730
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 247 sr_dilithium = 825 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 10.71 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war colossus time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_3_O"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = 1
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_2_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.08  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_136" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 45
   }
}

### Gravimetric Manifold Warp Engine Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_3_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 155
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 5 sr_dilithium = 17 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.22 }
   }
   size_restriction = { constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer xcv330 }
   ftl = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.02  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_gravimetric_65" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Gravimetric Manifold Warp Engine Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_3_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 170
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 6 sr_dilithium = 23 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.29 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead miradorn_raider shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_shuttlepod fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion fed_attack_wing_nx_beta }
   ftl = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.02  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_gravimetric_65" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Gravimetric Manifold Warp Engine Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_3_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 250
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 8 sr_dilithium = 31 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.38 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_emette kdf_bop_borghel kdf_bop_blasrika rom_bop_rea rom_hero_ship_mimicus corvette science civ_raven   fed_scout_freedom fed_scout_malachowski fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_frigate_discovery fed_scout_akyazi }
   ftl = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.02  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_gravimetric_65" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Gravimetric Manifold Warp Engine Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_3_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 300
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 11 sr_dilithium = 41 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.51 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_carrier_sarajevo fed_carrier_minuteman fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_strike_ship_grethor kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_qoj rom_bop_stanet bajoran_lightship yridian_destroyer klingon_houses_raptor_qoj }
   ftl = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.03  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_gravimetric_65" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Gravimetric Manifold Warp Engine Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_3_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 400
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 15 sr_dilithium = 54 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.68 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_light_cruiser_intrepid_type fed_explorer_nx fed_mmv_poseidon fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_somraw kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_jorek rom_interceptor_tvaro rom_interceptor_arrenhe saber destroyer fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raptor_somraw klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_heavy_cruiser_yorktown fed_frigate_galen }
   ftl = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.03  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_gravimetric_65" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Gravimetric Manifold Warp Engine Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_3_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 530
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 19 sr_dilithium = 72 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.91 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_bonaventure fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_explorer_hoover kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_arhael rom_interceptor_tliss ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant fed_carrier_engle }
   ftl = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.03  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_gravimetric_65" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Gravimetric Manifold Warp Engine Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_3_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 710
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 26 sr_dilithium = 95 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.2 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz kdf_raptor_jev kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_tellus strike promellian_battlecruiser klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach }
   ftl = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.04  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_gravimetric_65" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Gravimetric Manifold Warp Engine Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_3_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 940
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 34 sr_dilithium = 127 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.6 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_stasek rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner battleship amarie_cruiser la_sirena klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   ftl = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.04  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_gravimetric_65" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Gravimetric Manifold Warp Engine Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_3_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1260
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 45 sr_dilithium = 169 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 2.14 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_hero_ship_constitution fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser cruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   ftl = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.05  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_gravimetric_65" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Gravimetric Manifold Warp Engine Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_3_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1680
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 60 sr_dilithium = 225 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 2.85 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_ptolomy fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   ftl = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.06  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_gravimetric_65" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Gravimetric Manifold Warp Engine Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_3_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2230
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 80 sr_dilithium = 300 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 3.79 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  fallen_interdictor fallen_attack adv_cruiser titan fed_exploration_cruiser_federation cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   ftl = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.06  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_gravimetric_65" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Gravimetric Manifold Warp Engine Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_3_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2980
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 107 sr_dilithium = 399 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 5.05 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak assault_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   ftl = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.07  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_gravimetric_65" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Gravimetric Manifold Warp Engine Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_3_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 3970
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 142 sr_dilithium = 532 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 6.74 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_assault super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   ftl = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.08  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_gravimetric_65" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Gravimetric Manifold Warp Engine Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_3_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 5290
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 189 sr_dilithium = 709 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 8.98 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon fallen_flagship xindi_weapon xindi_planet_killer_degra }
   ftl = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.1  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_gravimetric_65" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}
### Gravimetric Manifold Warp Engine Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_3_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 7050
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 252 sr_dilithium = 945 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 11.97 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war colossus time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar }
   ftl = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.11 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_gravimetric_65" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 50
   }
}

### Main-Stage Exploration Warp Engine Type-1  - First exploration engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_4_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 170
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 6 sr_dilithium = 27 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.22 }
   }
   size_restriction = { constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer science }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_5_A"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_4_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_4_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_4_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_4_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_4_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.02  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_exploration_68" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Main-Stage Exploration Warp Engine Type-2  - First exploration engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_4_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 230
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 8 sr_dilithium = 35 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.3 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead miradorn_raider shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_5_B"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_4_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_4_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_4_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_4_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_4_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.03  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_exploration_68" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Main-Stage Exploration Warp Engine Type-3  - First exploration engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_4_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 360
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 10 sr_dilithium = 47 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.39 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_emette kdf_bop_blasrika rom_bop_rea rom_hero_ship_mimicus corvette civ_raven fed_scout_malachowski fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_5_C"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_4_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_4_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_4_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_4_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_4_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.03  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_exploration_68" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Main-Stage Exploration Warp Engine Type-4  - First exploration engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_4_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 410
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 13 sr_dilithium = 62 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.52 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_carrier_minuteman fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_bop_homcha rom_bop_stanet bajoran_lightship yridian_destroyer klingon_houses_raptor_qoj }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_5_D"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_4_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_4_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_4_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_4_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_4_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.03  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_exploration_68" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Main-Stage Exploration Warp Engine Type-5  - First exploration engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_4_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 550
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 17 sr_dilithium = 83 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.7 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_explorer_nx fed_mmv_poseidon fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_somraw kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_jorek rom_interceptor_tvaro rom_interceptor_arrenhe saber fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raptor_somraw klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_heavy_cruiser_yorktown fed_frigate_galen }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_5_E"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_4_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_4_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_4_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_4_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_4_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.04  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_exploration_68" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Main-Stage Exploration Warp Engine Type-6  - First exploration engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_4_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 730
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 23 sr_dilithium = 111 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.93 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_bonaventure fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_explorer_hoover kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_arhael rom_interceptor_tliss ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant fed_carrier_engle }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_5_F"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_4_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_4_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_4_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_4_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_4_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.04  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_exploration_68" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Main-Stage Exploration Warp Engine Type-7  - First exploration engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_4_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 970
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 31 sr_dilithium = 147 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.23 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz kdf_raptor_jev kdf_raptor_qoj kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_tellus strike klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_5_G"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_4_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_4_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_4_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_4_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_4_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.05  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_exploration_68" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Main-Stage Exploration Warp Engine Type-8  - First exploration engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_4_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1300
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 41 sr_dilithium = 196 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.64 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_stasek rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner amarie_cruiser la_sirena klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_5_H"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_4_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_4_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_4_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_4_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_4_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.06  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_exploration_68" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Main-Stage Exploration Warp Engine Type-9  - First exploration engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_4_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1730
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 54 sr_dilithium = 261 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 2.19 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_hero_ship_constitution fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_5_I"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_4_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_4_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_4_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_4_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_4_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.06  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_exploration_68" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Main-Stage Exploration Warp Engine Type-10  - First exploration engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_4_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2300
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 72 sr_dilithium = 348 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 2.91 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_ptolomy fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_5_J"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_4_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_4_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_4_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_4_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_4_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.07  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_exploration_68" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Main-Stage Exploration Warp Engine Type-12  - First exploration engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_4_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 3070
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 95 sr_dilithium = 464 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 3.88 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  fallen_interdictor fallen_attack adv_cruiser fed_exploration_cruiser_federation cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_5_K"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_4_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_4_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_4_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_4_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_4_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.08  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_exploration_68" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Main-Stage Exploration Warp Engine Type-14  - First exploration engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_4_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 4090
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 127 sr_dilithium = 618 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 5.17 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak assault_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_5_L"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_4_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_4_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_4_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_4_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_4_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.1  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_exploration_68" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Main-Stage Exploration Warp Engine Type-16  - First exploration engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_4_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 5460
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 169 sr_dilithium = 824 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 6.89 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_assault super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_5_M"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_4_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_4_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_4_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_4_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_4_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.11 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_exploration_68" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Main-Stage Exploration Warp Engine Type-18  - First exploration engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_4_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 7270
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 225 sr_dilithium = 1098 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 9.19 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon fallen_flagship xindi_weapon xindi_planet_killer_degra }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_5_N"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_4_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_4_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_4_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_4_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_4_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.13 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_exploration_68" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Main-Stage Exploration Warp Engine Type-20  - First exploration engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_4_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 9690
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 300 sr_dilithium = 1463 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 12.25 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_5_O"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_4_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_4_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_4_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_4_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_4_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.15 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_exploration_68" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}

### Cyclic Warp Engine Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_5_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 200
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 6 sr_dilithium = 29 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.24 }
   }
   size_restriction = { constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer science }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_6_A"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_5_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_5_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_5_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_5_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_5_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.03  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_142" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Cyclic Warp Engine Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_5_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 260
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 7 sr_dilithium = 39 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.32 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead miradorn_raider shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_6_B"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_5_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_5_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_5_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_5_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_5_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.03  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_142" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Cyclic Warp Engine Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_5_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 400
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 9 sr_dilithium = 51 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.42 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette civ_raven fed_scout_malachowski fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_6_C"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_5_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_5_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_5_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_5_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_5_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.04  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_142" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Cyclic Warp Engine Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_5_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 470
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 12 sr_dilithium = 68 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.56 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_bop_homcha rom_bop_stanet bajoran_lightship yridian_destroyer klingon_houses_raptor_qoj }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_5_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_5_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_5_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_5_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_5_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.04  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_142" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Cyclic Warp Engine Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_5_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 620
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 16 sr_dilithium = 91 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.75 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_bop_brel kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_jorek saber fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_frigate_galen }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_6_E"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_5_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_5_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_5_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_5_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_5_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.05  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_142" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Cyclic Warp Engine Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_5_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 830
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 22 sr_dilithium = 121 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.99 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_explorer_hoover kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_arhael rom_interceptor_tliss ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant fed_carrier_engle }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_6_F"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_5_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_5_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_5_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_5_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_5_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.05  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_142" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Cyclic Warp Engine Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_5_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1110
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 29 sr_dilithium = 162 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.32 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz kdf_raptor_jev kdf_raptor_qoj kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_interceptor_tmara strike klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_6_G"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_5_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_5_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_5_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_5_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_5_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.06  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_142" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Cyclic Warp Engine Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_5_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1470
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 38 sr_dilithium = 215 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.76 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_stasek rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner amarie_cruiser la_sirena klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_6_H"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_5_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_5_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_5_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_5_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_5_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.07  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_142" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Cyclic Warp Engine Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_5_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1960
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 51 sr_dilithium = 287 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 2.34 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_hero_ship_constitution fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_6_I"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_5_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_5_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_5_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_5_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_5_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.08  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_142" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Cyclic Warp Engine Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_5_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2620
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 68 sr_dilithium = 382 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 3.12 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_ptolomy fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_6_J"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_5_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_5_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_5_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_5_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_5_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.09  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_142" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Cyclic Warp Engine Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_5_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 3490
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 90 sr_dilithium = 509 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 4.16 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  fallen_interdictor fallen_attack adv_cruiser fed_exploration_cruiser_federation cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_6_K"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_5_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_5_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_5_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_5_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_5_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.1  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_142" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Cyclic Warp Engine Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_5_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 4650
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 120 sr_dilithium = 678 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 5.54 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak assault_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_6_L"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_5_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_5_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_5_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_5_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_5_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.12 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_142" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Cyclic Warp Engine Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_5_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 6200
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 160 sr_dilithium = 904 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 7.39 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_assault super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_6_M"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_5_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_5_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_5_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_5_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_5_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.14 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_142" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Cyclic Warp Engine Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_5_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 8260
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 213 sr_dilithium = 1205 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 9.84 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon fallen_flagship xindi_weapon xindi_planet_killer_degra }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_6_N"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_5_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_5_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_5_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_5_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_5_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.16 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_142" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Cyclic Warp Engine Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_5_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 11020
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 284 sr_dilithium = 1606 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 13.12 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_6_O"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_5_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_5_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_5_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_5_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_5_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.18 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_142" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}

### Dicyclic Warp Engine Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_6_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 240
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 5 sr_dilithium = 36 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.28 }
   }
   size_restriction = { constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer science }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_7_A"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_6_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_6_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_6_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_6_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_6_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.04  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_dicyclic_73" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Dicyclic Warp Engine Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_6_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 330
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 6 sr_dilithium = 47 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.37 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_7_B"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_6_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_6_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_6_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_6_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_6_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.04  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_dicyclic_73" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Dicyclic Warp Engine Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_6_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 500
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 8 sr_dilithium = 63 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.49 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette civ_raven fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_7_C"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_6_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_6_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_6_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_6_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_6_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.05  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_dicyclic_73" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}

### Dicyclic Warp Engine Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_6_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 770
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 14 sr_dilithium = 111 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.87 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger kdf_bop_brel rom_bop_jorek saber fed_frigate_california fed_frigate_galen }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_7_E"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_6_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_6_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_6_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_6_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_6_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.06  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_dicyclic_73" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Dicyclic Warp Engine Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_6_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1030
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 19 sr_dilithium = 148 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.16 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_saber kdf_bop_pagh rom_bop_arhael ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_7_F"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_6_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_6_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_6_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_6_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_6_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.07  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_dicyclic_73" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Dicyclic Warp Engine Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_6_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1370
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 25 sr_dilithium = 197 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.54 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway kdf_raptor_jev kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath rom_interceptor_tmara strike klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_7_G"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_6_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_6_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_6_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_6_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_6_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.08  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_dicyclic_73" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Dicyclic Warp Engine Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_6_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1830
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 33 sr_dilithium = 263 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 2.05 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tdair steamrunner la_sirena fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_7_H"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_6_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_6_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_6_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_6_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_6_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.1  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_dicyclic_73" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Dicyclic Warp Engine Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_6_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2430
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 44 sr_dilithium = 350 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 2.73 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion sovereign exploration_cruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_7_I"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_6_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_6_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_6_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_6_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_6_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.11 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_dicyclic_73" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Dicyclic Warp Engine Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_6_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 3250
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 58 sr_dilithium = 466 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 3.64 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_7_J"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_6_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_6_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_6_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_6_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_6_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.13 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_dicyclic_73" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Dicyclic Warp Engine Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_6_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 4330
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 77 sr_dilithium = 622 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 4.85 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  fallen_interdictor fallen_attack adv_cruiser fed_exploration_cruiser_federation cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_7_K"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_6_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_6_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_6_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_6_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_6_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.14 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_dicyclic_73" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Dicyclic Warp Engine Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_6_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 5770
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 103 sr_dilithium = 828 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 6.46 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak assault_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_7_L"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_6_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_6_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_6_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_6_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_6_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.17 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_dicyclic_73" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Dicyclic Warp Engine Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_6_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 7690
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 137 sr_dilithium = 1104 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 8.62 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_assault super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_7_M"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_6_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_6_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_6_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_6_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_6_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.19 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_dicyclic_73" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Dicyclic Warp Engine Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_6_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 10250
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 182 sr_dilithium = 1472 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 11.48 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon fallen_flagship xindi_weapon xindi_planet_killer_degra }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_7_N"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_6_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_6_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_6_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_6_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_6_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.22  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_dicyclic_73" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Dicyclic Warp Engine Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_6_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 13660
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 243 sr_dilithium = 1961 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 15.31 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_7_O"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_6_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_6_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_6_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_6_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_6_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.25  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_dicyclic_73" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}

### Tricyclic Warp Engine Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_7_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 270
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 4 sr_dilithium = 39 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.3 }
   }
   size_restriction = { constructor science transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_8_A"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_7_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_7_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_7_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_7_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_7_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.04  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_tricyclic_76" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Tricyclic Warp Engine Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_7_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 360
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 6 sr_dilithium = 52 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.4 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_8_B"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_7_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_7_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_7_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_7_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_7_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.05  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_tricyclic_76" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Tricyclic Warp Engine Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_7_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 600
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 7 sr_dilithium = 69 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.53 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette civ_raven fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_8_C"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_7_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_7_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_7_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_7_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_7_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.06  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_tricyclic_76" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}

### Tricyclic Warp Engine Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_7_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 850
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 12 sr_dilithium = 122 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.93 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_challenger kdf_bop_brel rom_bop_jorek saber fed_frigate_california fed_frigate_galen }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_8_E"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_7_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_7_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_7_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_7_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_7_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.07  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_tricyclic_76" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Tricyclic Warp Engine Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_7_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1130
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 16 sr_dilithium = 162 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.24 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_saber kdf_bop_pagh rom_bop_arhael ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_8_F"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_7_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_7_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_7_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_7_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_7_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.08  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_tricyclic_76" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Tricyclic Warp Engine Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_7_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1500
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 22 sr_dilithium = 216 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.65 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway kdf_raider_klalath rom_interceptor_tmara strike klingon_houses_raider_klalath }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_8_G"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_7_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_7_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_7_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_7_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_7_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.09  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_tricyclic_76" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Tricyclic Warp Engine Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_7_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2000
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 29 sr_dilithium = 288 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 2.2 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tdair steamrunner la_sirena }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_8_H"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_7_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_7_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_7_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_7_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_7_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.11 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_tricyclic_76" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Tricyclic Warp Engine Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_7_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2670
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 38 sr_dilithium = 383 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 2.93 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_battlecruiser_norgh sovereign exploration_cruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_8_I"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_7_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_7_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_7_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_7_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_7_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.12 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_tricyclic_76" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Tricyclic Warp Engine Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_7_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 3560
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 51 sr_dilithium = 511 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 3.9 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_hero_ship_excelsior fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_valkis fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_8_J"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_7_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_7_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_7_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_7_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_7_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.14 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_tricyclic_76" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Tricyclic Warp Engine Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_7_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 4750
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 68 sr_dilithium = 681 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 5.2 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  fallen_interdictor fallen_attack adv_cruiser cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_8_K"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_7_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_7_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_7_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_7_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_7_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.16 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_tricyclic_76" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Tricyclic Warp Engine Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_7_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 6330
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 90 sr_dilithium = 907 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 6.93 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak assault_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_8_L"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_7_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_7_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_7_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_7_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_7_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.19 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_tricyclic_76" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Tricyclic Warp Engine Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_7_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 8430
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 120 sr_dilithium = 1209 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 9.23 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_assault super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_8_M"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_7_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_7_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_7_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_7_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_7_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.22  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_tricyclic_76" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Tricyclic Warp Engine Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_7_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 11240
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 160 sr_dilithium = 1612 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 12.3 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon fallen_flagship xindi_weapon xindi_planet_killer_degra }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_8_N"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_7_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_7_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_7_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_7_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_7_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.25  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_tricyclic_76" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Tricyclic Warp Engine Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_7_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 14980
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 213 sr_dilithium = 2149 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 16.4 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_8_O"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_7_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_7_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_7_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_7_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_7_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.29  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_tricyclic_76" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}

### Isodynamic Warp Engine Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_8_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 320
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 3 sr_dilithium = 45 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.33 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_9_A"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_8_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_8_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_8_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_8_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_8_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.05  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_isodyanmic_79" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Isodynamic Warp Engine Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_8_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 420
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 4 sr_dilithium = 60 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.44 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead shuttle attack_ship fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_9_B"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_8_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_8_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_8_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_8_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_8_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.06  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_isodyanmic_79" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Isodynamic Warp Engine Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_8_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 720
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 5 sr_dilithium = 80 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.59 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_9_C"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_8_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_8_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_8_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_8_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_8_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.07  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_isodyanmic_79" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}

### Isodynamic Warp Engine Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_8_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1000
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 8 sr_dilithium = 142 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.04 }
   }
   size_restriction = { saber fed_frigate_california fed_frigate_galen }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_9_E"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_8_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_8_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_8_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_8_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_8_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.09  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_isodyanmic_79" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Isodynamic Warp Engine Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_8_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1330
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 10 sr_dilithium = 190 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.39 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_saber kdf_bop_pagh rom_bop_arhael ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_8_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_8_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_8_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_8_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_8_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.1  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_isodyanmic_79" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Isodynamic Warp Engine Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_8_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1770
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 14 sr_dilithium = 252 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.85 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway strike }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_9_G"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_8_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_8_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_8_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_8_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_8_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.12 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_isodyanmic_79" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Isodynamic Warp Engine Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_8_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2360
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 18 sr_dilithium = 336 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 2.46 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raider_kvort rom_interceptor_tdair steamrunner la_sirena }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_9_H"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_8_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_8_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_8_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_8_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_8_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.13 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_isodyanmic_79" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Isodynamic Warp Engine Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_8_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 3140
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 24 sr_dilithium = 448 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 3.28 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_raptor_mehadraw sovereign exploration_cruiser fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_dauntless }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_9_I"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_8_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_8_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_8_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_8_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_8_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.15 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_isodyanmic_79" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Isodynamic Warp Engine Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_8_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 4190
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 32 sr_dilithium = 597 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 4.37 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_9_J"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_8_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_8_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_8_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_8_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_8_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.18 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_isodyanmic_79" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Isodynamic Warp Engine Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_8_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 5580
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 42 sr_dilithium = 796 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 5.82 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  fallen_interdictor fallen_attack adv_cruiser cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_9_K"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_8_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_8_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_8_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_8_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_8_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_isodyanmic_79" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Isodynamic Warp Engine Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_8_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 7440
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 56 sr_dilithium = 1061 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 7.76 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak assault_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_9_L"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_8_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_8_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_8_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_8_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_8_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.23  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_isodyanmic_79" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Isodynamic Warp Engine Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_8_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 9920
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 75 sr_dilithium = 1414 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 10.34 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_assault super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_9_M"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_8_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_8_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_8_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_8_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_8_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.27 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_isodyanmic_79" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Isodynamic Warp Engine Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_8_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 13220
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 100 sr_dilithium = 1885 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 13.78 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon fallen_flagship xindi_weapon xindi_planet_killer_degra }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_9_N"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_8_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_8_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_8_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_8_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_8_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.31  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_isodyanmic_79" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Isodynamic Warp Engine Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_8_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 17630
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 133 sr_dilithium = 2512 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 18.37 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_9_O"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_8_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_8_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_8_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_8_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_8_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.36  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_isodyanmic_79" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}

### Coaxial Warp Engine Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_9_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 340
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2 sr_dilithium = 49 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.35 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_9_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_9_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_9_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_9_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_9_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.06  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14004" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Coaxial Warp Engine Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_9_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 450
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 3 sr_dilithium = 65 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.47 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead shuttle attack_ship fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_9_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_9_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_9_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_9_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_9_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.07  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14004" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Coaxial Warp Engine Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_9_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 800
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 3 sr_dilithium = 87 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.62 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_9_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_9_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_9_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_9_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_9_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.07  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14004" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}

### Coaxial Warp Engine Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_9_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1070
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 5 sr_dilithium = 154 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.1 }
   }
   size_restriction = { saber fed_frigate_galen }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_9_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_9_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_9_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_9_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_9_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.1  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14004" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}

### Coaxial Warp Engine Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_9_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1900
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 9 sr_dilithium = 273 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.96 }
   }
   size_restriction = { strike }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_9_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_9_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_9_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_9_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_9_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.13 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14004" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Coaxial Warp Engine Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_9_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2530
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 12 sr_dilithium = 364 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 2.61 }
   }
   size_restriction = { steamrunner la_sirena }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_9_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_9_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_9_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_9_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_9_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.15 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14004" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Coaxial Warp Engine Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_9_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 3380
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 15 sr_dilithium = 485 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 3.47 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_raptor_mehadraw sovereign exploration_cruiser fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_dauntless }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_9_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_9_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_9_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_9_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_9_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.17 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14004" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Coaxial Warp Engine Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_9_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 4500
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 20 sr_dilithium = 646 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 4.63 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_mmv_sagan  fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_9_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_9_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_9_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_9_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_9_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.19 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14004" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Coaxial Warp Engine Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_9_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 6000
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 27 sr_dilithium = 861 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 6.17 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  adv_cruiser cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_9_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_9_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_9_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_9_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_9_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.22  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14004" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Coaxial Warp Engine Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_9_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 8000
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 36 sr_dilithium = 1148 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 8.22 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_vreedex rom_battleship_dkazanak assault_cruiser }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_9_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_9_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_9_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_9_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_9_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.26  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14004" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Coaxial Warp Engine Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_9_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 10660
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 48 sr_dilithium = 1530 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 10.95 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_9_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_9_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_9_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_9_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_9_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14004" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Coaxial Warp Engine Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_9_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 14210
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 64 sr_dilithium = 2039 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 14.6 }
   }
   size_restriction = { xindi_planet_killer_degra }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_9_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_9_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_9_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_9_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_9_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.34  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14004" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Coaxial Warp Engine Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_EXPLORATION_9_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_exploration_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 18950
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 85 sr_dilithium = 2718 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 19.46 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_9_exp_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_9_exp_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_9_exp_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_9_exp_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_9_exp_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.39  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14004" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}

### Spore Drive Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_Z_SPORE_1_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_z_spore_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 410
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 7 sr_dilithium = 36 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.17 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 2
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @spore_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @spore_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @spore_1_winddown
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @spore_1_jump_cooldown 
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.03  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_243" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}

### Spore Drive Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_Z_SPORE_1_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_z_spore_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1960
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 36 sr_dilithium = 201 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 6.55 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_dauntless }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 2
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @spore_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @spore_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @spore_1_winddown
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @spore_1_jump_cooldown 
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.06  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_243" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}

### Spore Drive Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_Z_SPORE_1_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_z_spore_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 3490
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 63 sr_dilithium = 356 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 11.64 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_hero_ship_excelsior cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 2
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @spore_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @spore_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @spore_1_winddown
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @spore_1_jump_cooldown 
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.08  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_243" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Spore Drive Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_Z_SPORE_1_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_z_spore_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 4650
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 84 sr_dilithium = 475 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 15.51 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta rom_battleship_dkazanak fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 2
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @spore_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @spore_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @spore_1_winddown
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @spore_1_jump_cooldown 
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.1  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_243" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Spore Drive Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_Z_SPORE_1_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_z_spore_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 6200
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 112 sr_dilithium = 633 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 20.67 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 2
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @spore_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @spore_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @spore_1_winddown
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @spore_1_jump_cooldown 
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.11 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_243" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}

### Super-Mycelial Reactor Type-3  - Only for Charon
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_Z_MYLECIAL_1_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_z_mylecial_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 620
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 12 sr_dilithium = 93 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 2.89 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 3
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = 2
		ship_windup_mult = @spore_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @spore_1_winddown
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @spore_1_jump_cooldown 
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.09  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01341" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}

### Super-Mycelial Reactor Type-9  - Only for Charon
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_Z_MYLECIAL_1_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_z_mylecial_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2920
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 65 sr_dilithium = 520 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 16.21 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_dauntless }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 3
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = 2
		ship_windup_mult = @spore_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @spore_1_winddown
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @spore_1_jump_cooldown 
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01341" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Super-Mycelial Reactor Type-12  - Only for Charon
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_Z_MYLECIAL_1_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_z_mylecial_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 5190
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 115 sr_dilithium = 923 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 28.8 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 3
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = 2
		ship_windup_mult = @spore_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @spore_1_winddown
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @spore_1_jump_cooldown 
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.26  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01341" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Super-Mycelial Reactor Type-14  - Only for Charon
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_Z_MYLECIAL_1_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_z_mylecial_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 6920
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 153 sr_dilithium = 1230 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 38.39 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta rom_battleship_dkazanak fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 3
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = 2
		ship_windup_mult = @spore_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @spore_1_winddown
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @spore_1_jump_cooldown 
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01341" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Super-Mycelial Reactor Type-16  - Only for Charon
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_Z_MYLECIAL_1_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_z_mylecial_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 9230
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 203 sr_dilithium = 1640 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 51.18 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 3
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = 2
		ship_windup_mult = @spore_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @spore_1_winddown
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @spore_1_jump_cooldown 
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.35  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01341" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}

### Super-Mycelial Reactor Type-18  - Only for Charon
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_Z_MYLECIAL_1_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_z_mylecial_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 12300
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 271 sr_dilithium = 2186 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 68.22 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon fallen_flagship xindi_weapon xindi_planet_killer_degra }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 3
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = 2
		ship_windup_mult = @spore_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @spore_1_winddown
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @spore_1_jump_cooldown 
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01341" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}

### Transwarp Drive Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_Z_TRANSWARP_1_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_z_transwarp_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 515
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 6 sr_dilithium = 48 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.89 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 2
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @transwarp_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @transwarp_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @transwarp_1_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @transwarp_1_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @transwarp_1_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.04  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_experimental_71" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}

### Transwarp Drive Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_Z_TRANSWARP_1_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_z_transwarp_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2430
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 33 sr_dilithium = 265 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 4.96 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_dauntless la_sirena }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 2
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @transwarp_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @transwarp_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @transwarp_1_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @transwarp_1_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @transwarp_1_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.09  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_experimental_71" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}

### Transwarp Drive Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_Z_TRANSWARP_1_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_z_transwarp_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 4330
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 59 sr_dilithium = 471 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 8.81 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_hero_ship_excelsior cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 2
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @transwarp_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @transwarp_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @transwarp_1_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @transwarp_1_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @transwarp_1_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.12 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_experimental_71" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Transwarp Drive Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_Z_TRANSWARP_1_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_z_transwarp_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 5770
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 78 sr_dilithium = 627 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 11.74 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta rom_battleship_dkazanak fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 2
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @transwarp_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @transwarp_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @transwarp_1_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @transwarp_1_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @transwarp_1_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.14 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_experimental_71" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Transwarp Drive Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_Z_TRANSWARP_1_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_z_transwarp_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 7690
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 104 sr_dilithium = 836 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 15.65 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 2
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @transwarp_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @transwarp_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @transwarp_1_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @transwarp_1_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @transwarp_1_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.16 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_experimental_71" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}

### Quantum Slipstream Drive Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_Z_SLIPSTREAM_1_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_z_slipstream_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 760
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1 sr_dilithium = 75 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.25 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 3
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @slipstream_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @slipstream_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @slipstream_1_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @slipstream_1_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @slipstream_1_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.07  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01249" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}

### Quantum Slipstream Drive Type-6
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_Z_SLIPSTREAM_1_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_z_slipstream_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 760
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2 sr_dilithium = 190 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 21.39 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_reliant }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 3
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @slipstream_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @slipstream_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @slipstream_1_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @slipstream_1_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @slipstream_1_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.01  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01249" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}

### Quantum Slipstream Drive Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_Z_SLIPSTREAM_1_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_z_slipstream_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 3610
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 5 sr_dilithium = 417 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 7.02 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_dauntless }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 3
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @slipstream_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @slipstream_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @slipstream_1_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @slipstream_1_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @slipstream_1_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.17 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01249" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}

### Quantum Slipstream Drive Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_Z_SLIPSTREAM_1_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_z_slipstream_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 6420
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 8 sr_dilithium = 741 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 12.47 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 3
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @slipstream_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @slipstream_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @slipstream_1_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @slipstream_1_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @slipstream_1_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.22  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01249" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Quantum Slipstream Drive Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_Z_SLIPSTREAM_1_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_z_slipstream_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 8560
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 10 sr_dilithium = 987 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 16.62 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta rom_battleship_dkazanak fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 3
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @slipstream_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @slipstream_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @slipstream_1_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @slipstream_1_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @slipstream_1_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.26  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01249" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}
### Quantum Slipstream Drive Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_Z_SLIPSTREAM_1_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_z_slipstream_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 11410
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 14 sr_dilithium = 1316 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 22.15 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 3
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @slipstream_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @slipstream_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @slipstream_1_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @slipstream_1_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @slipstream_1_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01249" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}

### Protostar Drive Type-3  - Only for Protostar
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_Z_PROTOSTAR_1_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_z_protostar_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 900
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2 sr_dilithium = 107 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.08 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 4
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @proto_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @proto_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @proto_1_windown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @proto_1_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @proto_1_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.07  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_03524" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 0
   }
}

### Battle-ready Combat Warp Engine Type-1  - First combat engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_4_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 190
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 4 sr_dilithium = 18 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.33 }
   }
   size_restriction = { civ_raven science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_5_A"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_4_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_4_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_4_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_4_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_4_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.03  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_militarized_69" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Battle-ready Combat Warp Engine Type-2  - First combat engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_4_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 230
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 5 sr_dilithium = 24 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.44 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead miradorn_raider shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_5_B"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_4_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_4_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_4_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_4_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_4_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.04  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_militarized_69" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Battle-ready Combat Warp Engine Type-3  - First combat engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_4_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 310
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 7 sr_dilithium = 31 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.58 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_emette kdf_bop_blasrika rom_bop_rea rom_hero_ship_mimicus corvette fed_scout_malachowski fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_5_C"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_4_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_4_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_4_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_4_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_4_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.04  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_militarized_69" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Battle-ready Combat Warp Engine Type-4  - First combat engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_4_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 410
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 9 sr_dilithium = 41 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.78 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_carrier_minuteman fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_bop_homcha rom_bop_stanet bajoran_lightship yridian_destroyer klingon_houses_raptor_qoj }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_5_D"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_4_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_4_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_4_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_4_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_4_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.05  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_militarized_69" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Battle-ready Combat Warp Engine Type-5  - First combat engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_4_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 550
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 12 sr_dilithium = 55 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.03 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_explorer_nx fed_mmv_poseidon fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_somraw kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_jorek rom_interceptor_tvaro rom_interceptor_arrenhe saber fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raptor_somraw klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_heavy_cruiser_yorktown fed_frigate_galen }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_5_E"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_4_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_4_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_4_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_4_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_4_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.06  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_militarized_69" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Battle-ready Combat Warp Engine Type-6  - First combat engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_4_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 730
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 15 sr_dilithium = 73 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.37 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_bonaventure fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_explorer_hoover kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_arhael rom_interceptor_tliss ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant fed_carrier_engle }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_5_F"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_4_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_4_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_4_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_4_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_4_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.06  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_militarized_69" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Battle-ready Combat Warp Engine Type-7  - First combat engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_4_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 970
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 20 sr_dilithium = 97 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.83 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz kdf_raptor_jev kdf_raptor_qoj kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_tellus strike klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_5_G"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_4_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_4_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_4_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_4_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_4_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.07  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_militarized_69" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Battle-ready Combat Warp Engine Type-8  - First combat engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_4_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1300
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 27 sr_dilithium = 130 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 2.44 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_stasek rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner amarie_cruiser la_sirena klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_5_H"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_4_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_4_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_4_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_4_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_4_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.08  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_militarized_69" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Battle-ready Combat Warp Engine Type-9  - First combat engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_4_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1730
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 36 sr_dilithium = 173 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 3.25 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_hero_ship_constitution fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_5_I"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_4_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_4_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_4_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_4_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_4_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.09  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_militarized_69" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Battle-ready Combat Warp Engine Type-10  - First combat engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_4_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2300
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 48 sr_dilithium = 230 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 4.33 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_ptolomy fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_5_J"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_4_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_4_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_4_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_4_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_4_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.11 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_militarized_69" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Battle-ready Combat Warp Engine Type-12  - First combat engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_4_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 3070
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 63 sr_dilithium = 307 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 5.77 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  fallen_interdictor fallen_attack adv_cruiser fed_exploration_cruiser_federation cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_5_K"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_4_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_4_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_4_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_4_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_4_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.12 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_militarized_69" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Battle-ready Combat Warp Engine Type-14  - First combat engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_4_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 4090
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 84 sr_dilithium = 409 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 7.69 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak assault_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_5_L"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_4_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_4_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_4_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_4_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_4_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.14 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_militarized_69" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Battle-ready Combat Warp Engine Type-16  - First combat engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_4_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 5460
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 112 sr_dilithium = 544 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 10.25 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_assault super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_5_M"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_4_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_4_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_4_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_4_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_4_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.16 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_militarized_69" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Battle-ready Combat Warp Engine Type-18  - First combat engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_4_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 7270
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 149 sr_dilithium = 726 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 13.66 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon fallen_flagship xindi_weapon xindi_planet_killer_degra }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_5_N"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_4_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_4_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_4_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_4_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_4_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.19 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_militarized_69" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Battle-ready Combat Warp Engine Type-20  - First combat engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_4_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 9690
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 198 sr_dilithium = 967 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 18.2 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_5_O"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_4_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_4_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_4_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_4_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_4_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.22  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_militarized_69" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}

### Polarised Combat Warp Engine Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_5_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 230
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 4 sr_dilithium = 20 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.36 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_6_A"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_5_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_5_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_5_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_5_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_5_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.04  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_151" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Polarised Combat Warp Engine Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_5_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 260
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 5 sr_dilithium = 26 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.47 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead miradorn_raider shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_6_B"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_5_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_5_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_5_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_5_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_5_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.04  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_151" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Polarised Combat Warp Engine Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_5_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 350
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 6 sr_dilithium = 34 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.63 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette civ_raven fed_scout_malachowski fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_6_C"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_5_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_5_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_5_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_5_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_5_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.05  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_151" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Polarised Combat Warp Engine Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_5_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 470
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 8 sr_dilithium = 46 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.84 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_qoj rom_bop_stanet bajoran_lightship yridian_destroyer klingon_houses_raptor_qoj }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_5_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_5_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_5_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_5_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_5_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.06  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_151" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Polarised Combat Warp Engine Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_5_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 620
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 11 sr_dilithium = 61 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.12 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_bop_brel kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_jorek saber fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_frigate_galen }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_6_E"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_5_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_5_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_5_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_5_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_5_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.06  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_151" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Polarised Combat Warp Engine Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_5_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 830
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 15 sr_dilithium = 81 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.49 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_explorer_hoover kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_arhael rom_interceptor_tliss ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant fed_carrier_engle }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_6_F"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_5_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_5_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_5_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_5_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_5_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.07  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_151" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Polarised Combat Warp Engine Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_5_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1110
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 19 sr_dilithium = 108 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.98 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz kdf_raptor_jev kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_interceptor_tmara strike klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_6_G"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_5_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_5_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_5_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_5_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_5_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.08  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_151" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Polarised Combat Warp Engine Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_5_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1470
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 26 sr_dilithium = 144 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 2.64 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_stasek rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner amarie_cruiser la_sirena klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_6_H"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_5_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_5_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_5_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_5_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_5_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.1  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_151" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Polarised Combat Warp Engine Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_5_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1960
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 34 sr_dilithium = 191 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 3.51 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_hero_ship_constitution fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_6_I"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_5_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_5_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_5_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_5_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_5_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.11 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_151" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Polarised Combat Warp Engine Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_5_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2620
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 45 sr_dilithium = 255 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 4.68 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_ptolomy fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_6_J"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_5_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_5_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_5_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_5_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_5_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.13 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_151" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Polarised Combat Warp Engine Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_5_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 3490
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 60 sr_dilithium = 339 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 6.24 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  fallen_interdictor fallen_attack adv_cruiser fed_exploration_cruiser_federation cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_6_K"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_5_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_5_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_5_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_5_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_5_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.14 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_151" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Polarised Combat Warp Engine Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_5_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 4650
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 80 sr_dilithium = 452 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 8.31 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak assault_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_6_L"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_5_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_5_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_5_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_5_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_5_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.17 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_151" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Polarised Combat Warp Engine Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_5_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 6200
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 107 sr_dilithium = 603 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 11.08 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_assault super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_6_M"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_5_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_5_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_5_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_5_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_5_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.19 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_151" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Polarised Combat Warp Engine Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_5_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 8260
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 142 sr_dilithium = 803 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 14.76 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon fallen_flagship xindi_weapon xindi_planet_killer_degra }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_6_N"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_5_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_5_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_5_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_5_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_5_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.22  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_151" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}
### Polarised Combat Warp Engine Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_5_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 11020
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 189 sr_dilithium = 1071 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 19.68 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_6_O"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_5_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_5_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_5_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_5_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_5_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.25  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_151" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 200
   }
}

### Theta-Class Combat Warp Engine Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_6_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 300
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 3 sr_dilithium = 24 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.42 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science civ_raven constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_7_A"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_6_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_6_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_6_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_6_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_6_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.05  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_152" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Theta-Class Combat Warp Engine Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_6_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 330
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 4 sr_dilithium = 32 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.56 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_7_B"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_6_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_6_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_6_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_6_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_6_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.05  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_152" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Theta-Class Combat Warp Engine Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_6_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 430
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 6 sr_dilithium = 42 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.74 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_7_C"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_6_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_6_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_6_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_6_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_6_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.06  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_152" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}

### Theta-Class Combat Warp Engine Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_6_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 770
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 10 sr_dilithium = 75 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.31 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger kdf_bop_brel rom_bop_jorek saber fed_frigate_california fed_frigate_galen }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_7_E"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_6_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_6_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_6_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_6_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_6_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.08  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_152" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Theta-Class Combat Warp Engine Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_6_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1030
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 13 sr_dilithium = 100 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.74 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_saber kdf_bop_pagh rom_bop_arhael ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_7_F"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_6_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_6_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_6_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_6_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_6_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.09  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_152" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Theta-Class Combat Warp Engine Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_6_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1370
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 17 sr_dilithium = 133 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 2.32 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway kdf_raptor_jev kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath rom_interceptor_tmara strike klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_7_G"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_6_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_6_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_6_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_6_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_6_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.11 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_152" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Theta-Class Combat Warp Engine Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_6_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1830
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 22 sr_dilithium = 177 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 3.1 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tdair steamrunner la_sirena fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_7_H"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_6_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_6_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_6_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_6_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_6_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.12 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_152" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Theta-Class Combat Warp Engine Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_6_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2430
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 30 sr_dilithium = 235 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 4.13 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion sovereign exploration_cruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_7_I"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_6_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_6_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_6_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_6_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_6_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.14 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_152" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Theta-Class Combat Warp Engine Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_6_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 3250
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 39 sr_dilithium = 313 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 5.5 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_7_J"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_6_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_6_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_6_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_6_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_6_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.16 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_152" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Theta-Class Combat Warp Engine Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_6_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 4330
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 52 sr_dilithium = 417 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 7.33 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  fallen_interdictor fallen_attack adv_cruiser fed_exploration_cruiser_federation cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_7_K"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_6_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_6_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_6_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_6_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_6_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.18 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_152" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Theta-Class Combat Warp Engine Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_6_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 5770
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 69 sr_dilithium = 556 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 9.76 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak assault_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_7_L"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_6_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_6_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_6_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_6_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_6_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.21  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_152" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Theta-Class Combat Warp Engine Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_6_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 7690
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 92 sr_dilithium = 741 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 13.01 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_assault super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_7_M"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_6_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_6_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_6_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_6_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_6_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.24  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_152" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Theta-Class Combat Warp Engine Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_6_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 10250
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 123 sr_dilithium = 988 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 17.35 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon fallen_flagship xindi_weapon xindi_planet_killer_degra }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_7_N"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_6_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_6_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_6_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_6_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_6_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.28  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_152" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}
### Theta-Class Combat Warp Engine Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_6_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 13660
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 163 sr_dilithium = 1317 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 23.12 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_7_O"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_6_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_6_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_6_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_6_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_6_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.32  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_152" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 300
   }
}

### Bi-Polar Combat Warp Engine Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_7_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 310
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 3 sr_dilithium = 26 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.44 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science civ_raven constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_8_A"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_7_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_7_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_7_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_7_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_7_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.05  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_bipolar_77" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Bi-Polar Combat Warp Engine Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_7_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 360
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 4 sr_dilithium = 35 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.59 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_8_B"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_7_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_7_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_7_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_7_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_7_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.06  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_bipolar_77" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Bi-Polar Combat Warp Engine Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_7_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 480
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 5 sr_dilithium = 46 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.79 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_8_C"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_7_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_7_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_7_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_7_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_7_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.07  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_bipolar_77" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}

### Bi-Polar Combat Warp Engine Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_7_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 850
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 8 sr_dilithium = 81 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.39 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_challenger kdf_bop_brel rom_bop_jorek saber fed_frigate_california fed_frigate_galen }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_8_E"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_7_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_7_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_7_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_7_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_7_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.09  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_bipolar_77" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Bi-Polar Combat Warp Engine Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_7_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1130
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 11 sr_dilithium = 108 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.86 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_saber kdf_bop_pagh rom_bop_arhael ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_8_F"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_7_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_7_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_7_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_7_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_7_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.1  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_bipolar_77" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Bi-Polar Combat Warp Engine Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_7_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1500
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 15 sr_dilithium = 144 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 2.47 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway kdf_raider_klalath rom_interceptor_tmara strike klingon_houses_raider_klalath }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_8_G"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_7_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_7_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_7_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_7_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_7_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.12 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_bipolar_77" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Bi-Polar Combat Warp Engine Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_7_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2000
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 19 sr_dilithium = 192 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 3.29 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tdair steamrunner la_sirena }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_8_H"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_7_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_7_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_7_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_7_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_7_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.13 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_bipolar_77" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Bi-Polar Combat Warp Engine Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_7_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2670
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 26 sr_dilithium = 256 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 4.39 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_battlecruiser_norgh sovereign exploration_cruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_8_I"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_7_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_7_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_7_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_7_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_7_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.15 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_bipolar_77" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Bi-Polar Combat Warp Engine Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_7_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 3560
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 34 sr_dilithium = 341 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 5.85 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_hero_ship_excelsior fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_valkis fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_8_J"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_7_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_7_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_7_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_7_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_7_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.18 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_bipolar_77" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Bi-Polar Combat Warp Engine Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_7_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 4750
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 45 sr_dilithium = 454 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 7.79 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  fallen_interdictor fallen_attack adv_cruiser cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_8_K"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_7_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_7_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_7_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_7_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_7_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_bipolar_77" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Bi-Polar Combat Warp Engine Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_7_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 6330
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 60 sr_dilithium = 605 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 10.39 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak assault_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_8_L"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_7_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_7_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_7_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_7_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_7_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.23  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_bipolar_77" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Bi-Polar Combat Warp Engine Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_7_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 8430
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 80 sr_dilithium = 806 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 13.84 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_assault super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_8_M"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_7_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_7_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_7_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_7_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_7_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.27 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_bipolar_77" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Bi-Polar Combat Warp Engine Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_7_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 11240
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 107 sr_dilithium = 1075 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 18.45 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon fallen_flagship xindi_weapon xindi_planet_killer_degra }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_8_N"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_7_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_7_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_7_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_7_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_7_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.31  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_bipolar_77" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}
### Bi-Polar Combat Warp Engine Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_7_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 14980
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 142 sr_dilithium = 1433 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 24.59 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_8_O"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_7_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_7_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_7_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_7_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_7_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.36  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_bipolar_77" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 400
   }
}

### Hyper-Injection Combat Warp Engine Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_8_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 400
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2 sr_dilithium = 30 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.5 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_9_A"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_8_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_8_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_8_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_8_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_8_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.06  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_hyper-inection_80" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Hyper-Injection Combat Warp Engine Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_8_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 420
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 3 sr_dilithium = 40 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.66 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead shuttle attack_ship fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_9_B"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_8_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_8_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_8_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_8_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_8_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.07  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_hyper-inection_80" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Hyper-Injection Combat Warp Engine Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_8_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 560
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 3 sr_dilithium = 54 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.88 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_9_C"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_8_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_8_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_8_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_8_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_8_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.08  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_hyper-inection_80" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}

### Hyper-Injection Combat Warp Engine Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_8_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1000
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 5 sr_dilithium = 95 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.56 }
   }
   size_restriction = { saber fed_frigate_california fed_frigate_galen }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_9_E"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_8_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_8_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_8_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_8_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_8_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.11 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_hyper-inection_80" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Hyper-Injection Combat Warp Engine Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_8_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1330
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 7 sr_dilithium = 127 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 2.08 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_saber kdf_bop_pagh rom_bop_arhael ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_8_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_8_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_8_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_8_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_8_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.12 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_hyper-inection_80" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Hyper-Injection Combat Warp Engine Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_8_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1770
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 9 sr_dilithium = 168 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 2.77 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway strike }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_9_G"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_8_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_8_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_8_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_8_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_8_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.14 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_hyper-inection_80" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Hyper-Injection Combat Warp Engine Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_8_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2360
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 12 sr_dilithium = 224 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 3.69 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raider_kvort rom_interceptor_tdair steamrunner la_sirena }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_9_H"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_8_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_8_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_8_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_8_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_8_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.16 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_hyper-inection_80" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Hyper-Injection Combat Warp Engine Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_8_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 3140
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 16 sr_dilithium = 299 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 4.91 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_raptor_mehadraw sovereign exploration_cruiser fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_dauntless }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_9_I"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_8_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_8_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_8_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_8_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_8_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.18 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_hyper-inection_80" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Hyper-Injection Combat Warp Engine Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_8_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 4190
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 21 sr_dilithium = 398 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 6.55 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_9_J"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_8_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_8_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_8_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_8_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_8_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.21  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_hyper-inection_80" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Hyper-Injection Combat Warp Engine Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_8_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 5580
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 28 sr_dilithium = 531 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 8.73 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  fallen_interdictor fallen_attack adv_cruiser cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_9_K"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_8_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_8_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_8_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_8_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_8_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.24  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_hyper-inection_80" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Hyper-Injection Combat Warp Engine Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_8_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 7440
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 38 sr_dilithium = 707 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 11.63 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak assault_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_9_L"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_8_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_8_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_8_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_8_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_8_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.28  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_hyper-inection_80" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Hyper-Injection Combat Warp Engine Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_8_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 9920
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 50 sr_dilithium = 943 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 15.5 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_assault super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_9_M"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_8_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_8_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_8_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_8_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_8_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.32  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_hyper-inection_80" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Hyper-Injection Combat Warp Engine Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_8_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 13220
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 67 sr_dilithium = 1257 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 20.67 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon fallen_flagship xindi_weapon xindi_planet_killer_degra }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_9_N"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_8_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_8_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_8_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_8_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_8_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.37  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_hyper-inection_80" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Hyper-Injection Combat Warp Engine Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_8_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 17630
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 89 sr_dilithium = 1675 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 27.55 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_9_O"
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_8_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_8_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_8_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_8_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_8_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.43  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_hyper-inection_80" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}

### Coaxial Combat Warp Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_9_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 400
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1 sr_dilithium = 33 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.52 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_9_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_9_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_9_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_9_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_9_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.07  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14032" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Coaxial Combat Warp Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_9_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 450
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2 sr_dilithium = 43 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.7 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead shuttle attack_ship fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_9_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_9_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_9_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_9_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_9_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.08  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14032" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Coaxial Combat Warp Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_9_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 600
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2 sr_dilithium = 58 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.93 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_9_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_9_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_9_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_9_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_9_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.09  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14032" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}

### Coaxial Combat Warp Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_9_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1070
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 4 sr_dilithium = 102 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.64 }
   }
   size_restriction = { saber fed_frigate_galen }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_9_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_9_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_9_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_9_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_9_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.11 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14032" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}

### Coaxial Combat Warp Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_9_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1900
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 6 sr_dilithium = 181 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 2.92 }
   }
   size_restriction = { strike }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_9_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_9_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_9_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_9_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_9_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.15 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14032" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Coaxial Combat Warp Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_9_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2530
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 8 sr_dilithium = 241 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 3.88 }
   }
   size_restriction = { steamrunner la_sirena }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_9_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_9_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_9_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_9_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_9_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.17 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14032" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Coaxial Combat Warp Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_9_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 3380
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 10 sr_dilithium = 322 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 5.18 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_raptor_mehadraw sovereign exploration_cruiser fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_dauntless }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_9_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_9_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_9_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_9_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_9_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14032" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Coaxial Combat Warp Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_9_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 4500
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 14 sr_dilithium = 428 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 6.9 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas  fed_mmv_sagan fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_9_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_9_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_9_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_9_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_9_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.23  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14032" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Coaxial Combat Warp Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_9_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 6000
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 18 sr_dilithium = 571 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 9.19 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  adv_cruiser cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_9_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_9_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_9_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_9_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_9_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.26  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14032" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Coaxial Combat Warp Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_9_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 8000
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 24 sr_dilithium = 761 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 12.26 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_vreedex rom_battleship_dkazanak assault_cruiser }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_9_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_9_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_9_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_9_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_9_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14032" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Coaxial Combat Warp Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_9_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 10660
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 32 sr_dilithium = 1014 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 16.33 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_9_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_9_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_9_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_9_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_9_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.35  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14032" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Coaxial Combat Warp Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_9_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 14210
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 42 sr_dilithium = 1352 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 21.77 }
   }
   size_restriction = { xindi_planet_killer_degra }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_9_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_9_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_9_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_9_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_9_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14032" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Coaxial Combat Warp Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_COMBAT_9_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_combat_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 18950
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 56 sr_dilithium = 1802 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 29.02 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = { 
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @warp_9_combat_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @warp_9_combat_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @warp_9_combat_winddown
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @warp_9_combat_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @warp_9_combat_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.46  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14032" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}

### Coleoperic Warp Engine Type-1  - First ring engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_1_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 100
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 7 sr_dilithium = 20 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.13 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science civ_raven constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer xcv330 }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_2_A"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.01  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_coleopteric_67" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Coleoperic Warp Engine Type-2  - First ring engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_1_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 120
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 9 sr_dilithium = 26 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.18 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead miradorn_raider shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_shuttlepod fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion fed_attack_wing_nx_beta }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_2_B"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.01  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_coleopteric_67" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Coleoperic Warp Engine Type-3  - First ring engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_1_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 160
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 11 sr_dilithium = 35 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.23 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_emette kdf_bop_borghel kdf_bop_blasrika rom_bop_rea rom_hero_ship_mimicus borg_probe corvette fed_scout_freedom fed_scout_malachowski fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_frigate_discovery fed_scout_akyazi }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_2_C"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.01  }
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_1_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_coleopteric_67" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Coleoperic Warp Engine Type-4  - First ring engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_1_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 210
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 15 sr_dilithium = 46 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.31 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_carrier_sarajevo fed_carrier_minuteman fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_strike_ship_grethor kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_qoj rom_bop_stanet borg_scout bajoran_lightship yridian_destroyer klingon_houses_raptor_qoj undine_01_bio_frigate }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_2_D"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.02  }
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_1_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_coleopteric_67" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Coleoperic Warp Engine Type-5  - First ring engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_1_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 290
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 20 sr_dilithium = 61 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.41 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_light_cruiser_intrepid_type fed_explorer_nx fed_mmv_poseidon fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_somraw kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_jorek rom_interceptor_tvaro rom_interceptor_arrenhe saber destroyer fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raptor_somraw klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_heavy_cruiser_yorktown fed_frigate_galen }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_2_E"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.02  }
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_1_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_coleopteric_67" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Coleoperic Warp Engine Type-6  - First ring engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_1_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 380
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 26 sr_dilithium = 82 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.55 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_bonaventure fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_explorer_hoover kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_arhael rom_interceptor_tliss ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant fed_carrier_engle }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_2_F"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.02  }
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_1_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_coleopteric_67" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Coleoperic Warp Engine Type-7  - First ring engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_1_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 510
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 35 sr_dilithium = 108 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.73 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz kdf_raptor_jev kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_tellus strike promellian_battlecruiser klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_2_G"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.02  }
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_1_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_coleopteric_67" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Coleoperic Warp Engine Type-8  - First ring engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_1_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 680
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 46 sr_dilithium = 144 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.97 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_stasek rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner battleship amarie_cruiser la_sirena klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_2_H"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.02  }
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_1_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_coleopteric_67" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Coleoperic Warp Engine Type-9  - First ring engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_1_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 900
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 61 sr_dilithium = 192 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.29 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_hero_ship_constitution fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser cruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_2_I"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.03  }
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_1_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_coleopteric_67" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Coleoperic Warp Engine Type-10  - First ring engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_1_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1200
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 81 sr_dilithium = 256 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.72 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus borg_pyramid fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha undine_01_bio_destroyer fed_carrier_ptolomy fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_2_J"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.03  }
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_1_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_coleopteric_67" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Coleoperic Warp Engine Type-12  - First ring engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_1_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1600
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 108 sr_dilithium = 341 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 2.29 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  borg_sphere undine_01_bio_ship fallen_interdictor fallen_attack adv_cruiser titan fed_exploration_cruiser_federation cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian undine_01_bio_cruiser fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_2_K"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.03  }
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_1_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_coleopteric_67" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Coleoperic Warp Engine Type-14  - First ring engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_1_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2140
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 144 sr_dilithium = 455 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 3.06 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak borg_diamond assault_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar undine_01_bio_raider fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_2_L"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.04  }
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_1_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_coleopteric_67" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}

### Coleoperic Warp Engine Type-18  - First ring engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_1_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 3800
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 256 sr_dilithium = 808 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 5.43 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon borg_tactical undine_01_bio_behemoth fallen_flagship xindi_weapon undine_01_bio_warship xindi_planet_killer_degra }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_2_N"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.05  }
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_1_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_coleopteric_67" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Coleoperic Warp Engine Type-20  - First ring engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_1_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 5070
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 340 sr_dilithium = 1077 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 7.23 }
   }
   size_restriction = { super_cube man_war colossus undine_01_bio_vanquisher time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_2_O"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.06  }
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_1_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_coleopteric_67" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}

### Advanced Mk. II Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_2_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 130
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 7 sr_dilithium = 23 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.15 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science civ_raven constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer xcv330 }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_3_A"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_2_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.02  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_160" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 110
   }
}
### Advanced Mk. II Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_2_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 150
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 9 sr_dilithium = 30 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.2 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead miradorn_raider shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_shuttlepod fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion fed_attack_wing_nx_beta }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_3_B"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_2_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.02  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_160" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 110
   }
}
### Advanced Mk. II Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_2_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 200
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 12 sr_dilithium = 40 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.27 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_emette kdf_bop_borghel kdf_bop_blasrika rom_bop_rea rom_hero_ship_mimicus corvette fed_scout_freedom fed_scout_malachowski fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_frigate_discovery fed_scout_akyazi }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_3_C"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_2_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.02  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_160" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 110
   }
}
### Advanced Mk. II Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_2_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 270
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 15 sr_dilithium = 54 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.35 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_carrier_sarajevo fed_carrier_minuteman fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_strike_ship_grethor kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_qoj rom_bop_stanet bajoran_lightship yridian_destroyer klingon_houses_raptor_qoj }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_3_D"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_2_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.02  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_160" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 110
   }
}
### Advanced Mk. II Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_2_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 360
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 20 sr_dilithium = 71 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.47 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_light_cruiser_intrepid_type fed_explorer_nx fed_mmv_poseidon fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_somraw kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_jorek rom_interceptor_tvaro rom_interceptor_arrenhe saber destroyer fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raptor_somraw klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_heavy_cruiser_yorktown fed_frigate_galen }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_3_E"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_2_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.03  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_160" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 110
   }
}
### Advanced Mk. II Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_2_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 480
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 27 sr_dilithium = 95 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.62 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_bonaventure fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_explorer_hoover kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_arhael rom_interceptor_tliss ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant fed_carrier_engle }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_3_F"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_2_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.03  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_160" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 110
   }
}
### Advanced Mk. II Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_2_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 640
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 36 sr_dilithium = 126 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.83 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz kdf_raptor_jev kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_tellus strike promellian_battlecruiser klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_3_G"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_2_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.03  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_160" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 110
   }
}
### Advanced Mk. II Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_2_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 850
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 48 sr_dilithium = 168 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.1 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_stasek rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner battleship amarie_cruiser la_sirena klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_3_H"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_2_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.04  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_160" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 110
   }
}
### Advanced Mk. II Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_2_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1140
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 63 sr_dilithium = 224 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.46 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_hero_ship_constitution fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser cruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_3_I"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_2_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.04  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_160" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 110
   }
}
### Advanced Mk. II Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_2_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1520
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 84 sr_dilithium = 298 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.95 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_ptolomy fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_3_J"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_2_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.05  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_160" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 110
   }
}
### Advanced Mk. II Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_2_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2020
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 112 sr_dilithium = 397 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 2.6 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  fallen_interdictor fallen_attack adv_cruiser titan fed_exploration_cruiser_federation cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_3_K"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_2_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.05  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_160" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 110
   }
}
### Advanced Mk. II Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_2_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2700
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 150 sr_dilithium = 529 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 3.46 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak assault_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_3_L"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_2_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.06  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_160" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 110
   }
}
### Advanced Mk. II Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_2_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 3600
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 199 sr_dilithium = 705 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 4.61 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_assault super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_3_M"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_2_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.07  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_160" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 110
   }
}
### Advanced Mk. II Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_2_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 4790
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 265 sr_dilithium = 940 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 6.15 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon fallen_flagship xindi_weapon xindi_planet_killer_degra }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_3_N"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_2_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.08  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_160" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 110
   }
}
### Advanced Mk. II Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_2_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 6390
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 354 sr_dilithium = 1253 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 8.19 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war colossus time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_3_O"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_2_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.09  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_160" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 110
   }
}

### Superior Mk. III Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_3_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 160
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 7 sr_dilithium = 26 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.17 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science civ_raven constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer xcv330 }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_4_A"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.02  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01254" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 120
   }
}
### Superior Mk. III Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_3_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 180
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 9 sr_dilithium = 34 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.22 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead miradorn_raider shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_shuttlepod fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion fed_attack_wing_nx_beta }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_4_B"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.02  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01254" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 120
   }
}
### Superior Mk. III Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_3_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 250
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 12 sr_dilithium = 45 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.29 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_emette kdf_bop_borghel kdf_bop_blasrika rom_bop_rea rom_hero_ship_mimicus corvette fed_scout_freedom fed_scout_malachowski fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_frigate_discovery fed_scout_akyazi }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_4_C"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.03  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01254" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 120
   }
}
### Superior Mk. III Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_3_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 330
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 15 sr_dilithium = 60 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.39 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_carrier_sarajevo fed_carrier_minuteman fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_strike_ship_grethor kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_qoj rom_bop_stanet bajoran_lightship yridian_destroyer klingon_houses_raptor_qoj }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_4_D"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.03  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01254" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 120
   }
}
### Superior Mk. III Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_3_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 440
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 20 sr_dilithium = 80 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.51 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_light_cruiser_intrepid_type fed_explorer_nx fed_mmv_poseidon fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_somraw kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_jorek rom_interceptor_tvaro rom_interceptor_arrenhe saber destroyer fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raptor_somraw klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_heavy_cruiser_yorktown fed_frigate_galen }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_4_E"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.03  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01254" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 120
   }
}
### Superior Mk. III Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_3_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 580
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 27 sr_dilithium = 107 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.68 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_bonaventure fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_explorer_hoover kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_arhael rom_interceptor_tliss ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant fed_carrier_engle }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_4_F"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.04  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01254" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 120
   }
}
### Superior Mk. III Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_3_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 770
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 36 sr_dilithium = 142 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.91 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz kdf_raptor_jev kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_tellus strike promellian_battlecruiser klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_4_G"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.04  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01254" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 120
   }
}
### Superior Mk. III Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_3_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1030
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 48 sr_dilithium = 189 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.21 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_stasek rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner battleship amarie_cruiser la_sirena klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_4_H"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.05  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01254" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 120
   }
}
### Superior Mk. III Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_3_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1370
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 63 sr_dilithium = 252 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.61 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_hero_ship_constitution fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser cruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_4_I"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.06  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01254" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 120
   }
}
### Superior Mk. III Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_3_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1830
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 84 sr_dilithium = 336 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 2.14 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_ptolomy fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_4_J"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.07  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01254" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 120
   }
}
### Superior Mk. III Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_3_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2440
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 112 sr_dilithium = 447 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 2.85 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  fallen_interdictor fallen_attack adv_cruiser titan fed_exploration_cruiser_federation cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_4_K"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.07  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01254" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 120
   }
}
### Superior Mk. III Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_3_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 3260
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 149 sr_dilithium = 596 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 3.8 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak assault_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_4_L"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.09  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01254" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 120
   }
}
### Superior Mk. III Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_3_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 4340
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 199 sr_dilithium = 794 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 5.07 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_assault super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_4_M"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.1  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01254" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 120
   }
}
### Superior Mk. III Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_3_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 5780
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 265 sr_dilithium = 1058 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 6.75 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon fallen_flagship xindi_weapon xindi_planet_killer_degra }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_4_N"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.11 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01254" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 120
   }
}
### Superior Mk. III Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_3_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 7710
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 353 sr_dilithium = 1411 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 9 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war colossus time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_4_O"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.13 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01254" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 120
   }
}

### Interlocking Mk. IV Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_4_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 210
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 6 sr_dilithium = 32 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.19 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science civ_raven constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_5_A"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_4_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_4_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_4_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_4_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_4_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.03  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_161" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 130
   }
}
### Interlocking Mk. IV Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_4_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 250
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 8 sr_dilithium = 42 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.26 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead miradorn_raider shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_5_B"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_4_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_4_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_4_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_4_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_4_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.04  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_161" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 130
   }
}
### Interlocking Mk. IV Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_4_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 330
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 11 sr_dilithium = 56 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.34 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_emette kdf_bop_blasrika rom_bop_rea rom_hero_ship_mimicus corvette fed_scout_malachowski fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_5_C"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_4_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_4_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_4_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_4_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_4_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.04  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_161" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 130
   }
}
### Interlocking Mk. IV Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_4_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 440
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 15 sr_dilithium = 74 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.45 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_carrier_minuteman fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_qoj rom_bop_stanet bajoran_lightship yridian_destroyer klingon_houses_raptor_qoj }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_5_D"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_4_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_4_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_4_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_4_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_4_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.05  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_161" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 130
   }
}
### Interlocking Mk. IV Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_4_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 580
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 19 sr_dilithium = 99 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.6 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_explorer_nx fed_mmv_poseidon fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_somraw kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_jorek rom_interceptor_tvaro rom_interceptor_arrenhe saber fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raptor_somraw klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_heavy_cruiser_yorktown fed_frigate_galen }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_5_E"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_4_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_4_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_4_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_4_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_4_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.05  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_161" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 130
   }
}
### Interlocking Mk. IV Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_4_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 780
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 26 sr_dilithium = 132 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.8 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_bonaventure fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_explorer_hoover kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_arhael rom_interceptor_tliss ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant fed_carrier_engle }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_5_F"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_4_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_4_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_4_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_4_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_4_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.06  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_161" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 130
   }
}
### Interlocking Mk. IV Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_4_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1040
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 34 sr_dilithium = 176 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.07 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz kdf_raptor_jev kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_tellus strike klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach }
   ftl = yes
  #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_5_G"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_4_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_4_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_4_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_4_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_4_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.07  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_161" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 130
   }
}
### Interlocking Mk. IV Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_4_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1380
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 45 sr_dilithium = 234 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.42 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_stasek rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner amarie_cruiser la_sirena klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_5_H"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_4_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_4_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_4_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_4_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_4_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.08  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_161" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 130
   }
}
### Interlocking Mk. IV Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_4_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1850
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 60 sr_dilithium = 312 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.89 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_hero_ship_constitution fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_5_I"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_4_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_4_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_4_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_4_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_4_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.09  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_161" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 130
   }
}
### Interlocking Mk. IV Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_4_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2460
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 79 sr_dilithium = 415 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 2.52 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_ptolomy fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_5_J"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_4_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_4_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_4_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_4_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_4_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.1  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_161" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 130
   }
}
### Interlocking Mk. IV Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_4_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 3280
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 106 sr_dilithium = 553 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 3.36 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  fallen_interdictor fallen_attack adv_cruiser fed_exploration_cruiser_federation cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_5_K"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_4_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_4_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_4_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_4_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_4_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.11 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_161" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 130
   }
}
### Interlocking Mk. IV Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_4_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 4370
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 141 sr_dilithium = 737 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 4.48 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak assault_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_5_L"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_4_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_4_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_4_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_4_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_4_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.13 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_161" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 130
   }
}
### Interlocking Mk. IV Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_4_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 5830
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 188 sr_dilithium = 983 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 5.97 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_assault super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_5_M"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_4_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_4_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_4_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_4_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_4_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.15 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_161" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 130
   }
}
### Interlocking Mk. IV Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_4_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 7770
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 250 sr_dilithium = 1310 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 7.96 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon fallen_flagship xindi_weapon xindi_planet_killer_degra }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_5_N"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_4_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_4_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_4_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_4_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_4_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.17 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_161" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 130
   }
}
### Interlocking Mk. IV Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_4_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 10360
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 333 sr_dilithium = 1745 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 10.6 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_5_O"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_4_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_4_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_4_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_4_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_4_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_161" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 130
   }
}

### Triple-Ring Mk. V Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_5_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 250
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 6 sr_dilithium = 35 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.21 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science civ_raven constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_6_A"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_5_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_5_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_5_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_5_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_5_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.04  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_162" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 140
   }
}
### Triple-Ring Mk. V Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_5_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 280
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 8 sr_dilithium = 47 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.28 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead miradorn_raider shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_6_B"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_5_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_5_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_5_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_5_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_5_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.04  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_162" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 140
   }
}
### Triple-Ring Mk. V Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_5_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 370
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 11 sr_dilithium = 62 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.37 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette fed_scout_malachowski fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_6_C"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_5_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_5_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_5_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_5_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_5_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.05  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_162" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 140
   }
}
### Triple-Ring Mk. V Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_5_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 490
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 14 sr_dilithium = 83 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.49 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_qoj rom_bop_stanet bajoran_lightship yridian_destroyer klingon_houses_raptor_qoj }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_5_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_5_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_5_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_5_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_5_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.05  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_162" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 140
   }
}
### Triple-Ring Mk. V Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_5_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 660
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 18 sr_dilithium = 111 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.66 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_bop_brel kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_jorek saber fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_frigate_galen }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_6_E"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_5_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_5_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_5_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_5_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_5_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.06  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_162" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 140
   }
}
### Triple-Ring Mk. V Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_5_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 880
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 24 sr_dilithium = 147 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.88 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_explorer_hoover kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_arhael rom_interceptor_tliss ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant fed_carrier_engle }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_6_F"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_5_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_5_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_5_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_5_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_5_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.07  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_162" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 140
   }
}
### Triple-Ring Mk. V Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_5_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1170
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 32 sr_dilithium = 196 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.16 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz kdf_raptor_jev kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_interceptor_tmara strike klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_6_G"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_5_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_5_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_5_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_5_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_5_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.08  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_162" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 140
   }
}
### Triple-Ring Mk. V Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_5_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1560
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 43 sr_dilithium = 261 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.55 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_stasek rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner amarie_cruiser la_sirena klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_6_H"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_5_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_5_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_5_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_5_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_5_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.09  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_162" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 140
   }
}
### Triple-Ring Mk. V Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_5_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2080
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 57 sr_dilithium = 348 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 2.07 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_hero_ship_constitution fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_6_I"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_5_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_5_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_5_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_5_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_5_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.1  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_162" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 140
   }
}
### Triple-Ring Mk. V Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_5_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2770
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 76 sr_dilithium = 464 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 2.75 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_ptolomy fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_6_J"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_5_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_5_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_5_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_5_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_5_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.12 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_162" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 140
   }
}
### Triple-Ring Mk. V Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_5_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 3700
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 101 sr_dilithium = 618 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 3.67 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  fallen_interdictor fallen_attack adv_cruiser fed_exploration_cruiser_federation cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_6_K"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_5_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_5_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_5_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_5_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_5_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.13 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_162" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 140
   }
}
### Triple-Ring Mk. V Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_5_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 4930
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 134 sr_dilithium = 823 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 4.89 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak assault_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_6_L"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_5_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_5_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_5_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_5_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_5_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.15 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_162" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 140
   }
}
### Triple-Ring Mk. V Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_5_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 6570
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 179 sr_dilithium = 1097 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 6.51 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_assault super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_6_M"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_5_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_5_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_5_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_5_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_5_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.18 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_162" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 140
   }
}
### Triple-Ring Mk. V Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_5_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 8760
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 239 sr_dilithium = 1463 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 8.68 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon fallen_flagship xindi_weapon xindi_planet_killer_degra }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_6_N"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_5_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_5_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_5_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_5_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_5_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_162" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 140
   }
}
### Triple-Ring Mk. V Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_5_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 11680
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 318 sr_dilithium = 1949 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 11.57 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_6_O"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_5_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_5_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_5_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_5_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_5_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.23  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_162" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 140
   }
}

### Dynamic Arc Mk. VI Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_6_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 290
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 5 sr_dilithium = 42 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.24 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science civ_raven constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_7_A"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_6_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_6_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_6_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_6_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_6_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.05  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_163" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Dynamic Arc Mk. VI Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_6_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 340
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 7 sr_dilithium = 56 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.32 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_7_B"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_6_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_6_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_6_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_6_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_6_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.05  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_163" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Dynamic Arc Mk. VI Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_6_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 460
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 9 sr_dilithium = 74 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.42 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_7_C"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_6_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_6_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_6_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_6_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_6_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.06  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_163" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}

### Dynamic Arc Mk. VI Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_6_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 810
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 15 sr_dilithium = 132 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.75 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger kdf_bop_brel rom_bop_jorek saber fed_frigate_california fed_frigate_galen }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_7_E"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_6_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_6_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_6_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_6_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_6_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.08  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_163" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Dynamic Arc Mk. VI Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_6_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1080
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 20 sr_dilithium = 175 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_saber kdf_bop_pagh rom_bop_arhael ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_7_F"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_6_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_6_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_6_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_6_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_6_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.09  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_163" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Dynamic Arc Mk. VI Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_6_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1440
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 26 sr_dilithium = 234 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.33 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway kdf_raptor_jev kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath rom_interceptor_tmara strike klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_7_G"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_6_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_6_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_6_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_6_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_6_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.1  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_163" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Dynamic Arc Mk. VI Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_6_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1910
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 35 sr_dilithium = 311 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.77 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tdair steamrunner la_sirena fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_7_H"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_6_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_6_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_6_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_6_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_6_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.11 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_163" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Dynamic Arc Mk. VI Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_6_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2550
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 47 sr_dilithium = 415 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 2.35 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion sovereign exploration_cruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_7_I"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_6_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_6_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_6_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_6_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_6_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.13 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_163" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Dynamic Arc Mk. VI Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_6_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 3400
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 62 sr_dilithium = 552 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 3.13 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_7_J"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_6_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_6_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_6_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_6_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_6_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.15 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_163" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Dynamic Arc Mk. VI Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_6_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 4540
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 82 sr_dilithium = 736 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 4.18 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  fallen_interdictor fallen_attack adv_cruiser fed_exploration_cruiser_federation cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_7_K"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_6_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_6_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_6_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_6_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_6_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.17 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_163" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Dynamic Arc Mk. VI Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_6_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 6050
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 109 sr_dilithium = 981 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 5.56 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak assault_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_7_L"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_6_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_6_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_6_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_6_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_6_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_163" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Dynamic Arc Mk. VI Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_6_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 8060
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 146 sr_dilithium = 1308 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 7.42 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_assault super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_7_M"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_6_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_6_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_6_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_6_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_6_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.23  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_163" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Dynamic Arc Mk. VI Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_6_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 10740
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 194 sr_dilithium = 1743 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 9.88 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon fallen_flagship xindi_weapon xindi_planet_killer_degra }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_7_N"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_6_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_6_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_6_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_6_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_6_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.27 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_163" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Dynamic Arc Mk. VI Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_6_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 14320
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 259 sr_dilithium = 2323 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 13.17 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_7_O"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_6_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_6_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_6_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_6_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_6_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.31  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_163" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}

### Multi-Ring Mk. VII Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_7_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 310
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 4 sr_dilithium = 46 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.26 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science civ_raven constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_8_A"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_7_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_7_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_7_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_7_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_7_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.05  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_164" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 160
   }
}
### Multi-Ring Mk. VII Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_7_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 370
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 6 sr_dilithium = 61 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.34 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_8_B"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_7_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_7_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_7_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_7_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_7_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.06  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_164" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 160
   }
}
### Multi-Ring Mk. VII Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_7_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 500
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 8 sr_dilithium = 81 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.45 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_8_C"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_7_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_7_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_7_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_7_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_7_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.06  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_164" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 160
   }
}

### Multi-Ring Mk. VII Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_7_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 880
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 13 sr_dilithium = 144 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.8 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_challenger kdf_bop_brel rom_bop_jorek saber fed_frigate_california fed_frigate_galen }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_8_E"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_7_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_7_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_7_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_7_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_7_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.08  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_164" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 160
   }
}
### Multi-Ring Mk. VII Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_7_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1180
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 17 sr_dilithium = 192 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.07 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_saber kdf_bop_pagh rom_bop_arhael ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_8_F"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_7_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_7_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_7_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_7_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_7_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.1  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_164" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 160
   }
}
### Multi-Ring Mk. VII Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_7_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1570
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 23 sr_dilithium = 256 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.42 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway kdf_raider_klalath rom_interceptor_tmara strike klingon_houses_raider_klalath }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_8_G"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_7_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_7_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_7_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_7_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_7_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.11 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_164" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 160
   }
}
### Multi-Ring Mk. VII Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_7_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2090
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 30 sr_dilithium = 341 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.89 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tdair steamrunner la_sirena }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_8_H"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_7_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_7_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_7_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_7_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_7_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.13 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_164" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 160
   }
}
### Multi-Ring Mk. VII Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_7_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2790
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 40 sr_dilithium = 455 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 2.52 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_battlecruiser_norgh sovereign exploration_cruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_8_I"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_7_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_7_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_7_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_7_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_7_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.15 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_164" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 160
   }
}
### Multi-Ring Mk. VII Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_7_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 3720
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 53 sr_dilithium = 606 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 3.36 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_valkis fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_8_J"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_7_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_7_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_7_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_7_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_7_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.17 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_164" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 160
   }
}
### Multi-Ring Mk. VII Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_7_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 4950
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 71 sr_dilithium = 808 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 4.48 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  fallen_interdictor fallen_attack adv_cruiser cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_8_K"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_7_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_7_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_7_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_7_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_7_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.19 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_164" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 160
   }
}
### Multi-Ring Mk. VII Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_7_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 6600
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 94 sr_dilithium = 1076 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 5.97 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak assault_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_8_L"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_7_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_7_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_7_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_7_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_7_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.22  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_164" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 160
   }
}
### Multi-Ring Mk. VII Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_7_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 8800
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 125 sr_dilithium = 1435 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 7.96 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_assault super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_8_M"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_7_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_7_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_7_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_7_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_7_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.26  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_164" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 160
   }
}
### Multi-Ring Mk. VII Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_7_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 11740
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 167 sr_dilithium = 1912 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 10.61 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon fallen_flagship xindi_weapon xindi_planet_killer_degra }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_8_N"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_7_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_7_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_7_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_7_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_7_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_164" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 160
   }
}
### Multi-Ring Mk. VII Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_7_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 15640
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 222 sr_dilithium = 2549 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 14.14 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_8_O"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_7_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_7_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_7_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_7_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_7_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.34  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_164" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 160
   }
}

### Multi-Ring Mk. VIII Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_8_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 330
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 3 sr_dilithium = 53 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.29 }
   }
   size_restriction = { constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_8_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_8_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_8_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_8_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_8_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.06  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_191" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 170
   }
}
### Multi-Ring Mk. VIII Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_8_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 440
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 3 sr_dilithium = 71 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.38 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead shuttle attack_ship fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_8_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_8_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_8_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_8_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_8_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.07  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_191" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 170
   }
}
### Multi-Ring Mk. VIII Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_8_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 580
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 4 sr_dilithium = 95 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.5 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_8_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_8_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_8_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.08  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_191" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 170
   }
}

### Multi-Ring Mk. VIII Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_8_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1030
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 7 sr_dilithium = 168 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.89 }
   }
   size_restriction = { saber fed_frigate_california fed_frigate_galen }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_8_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_8_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_8_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_8_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_8_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.1  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_191" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 170
   }
}
### Multi-Ring Mk. VIII Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_8_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1380
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 10 sr_dilithium = 223 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.19 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_saber kdf_bop_pagh rom_bop_arhael ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_8_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_8_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_8_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_8_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_8_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.12 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_191" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 170
   }
}
### Multi-Ring Mk. VIII Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_8_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1830
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 13 sr_dilithium = 298 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.58 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway strike }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_8_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_8_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_8_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_8_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_8_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.13 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_191" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 170
   }
}
### Multi-Ring Mk. VIII Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_8_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2450
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 17 sr_dilithium = 396 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 2.11 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raider_kvort rom_interceptor_tdair steamrunner la_sirena }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_8_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_8_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_8_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_8_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_8_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.15 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_191" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 170
   }
}
### Multi-Ring Mk. VIII Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_8_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 3260
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 22 sr_dilithium = 528 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 2.81 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_raptor_mehadraw sovereign exploration_cruiser fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_dauntless }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_8_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_8_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_8_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_8_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_8_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.18 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_191" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 170
   }
}
### Multi-Ring Mk. VIII Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_8_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 4340
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 30 sr_dilithium = 704 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 3.74 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_8_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_8_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_8_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_8_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_8_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_191" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 170
   }
}
### Multi-Ring Mk. VIII Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_8_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 5790
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 40 sr_dilithium = 938 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 4.99 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  fallen_interdictor fallen_attack adv_cruiser cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_8_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_8_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_8_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_8_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_8_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.23  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_191" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 170
   }
}
### Multi-Ring Mk. VIII Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_8_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 7720
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 53 sr_dilithium = 1251 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 6.65 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak assault_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_8_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_8_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_8_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_8_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_8_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.27 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_191" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 170
   }
}
### Multi-Ring Mk. VIII Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_8_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 10290
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 70 sr_dilithium = 1667 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 8.86 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_assault super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_8_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_8_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_8_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_8_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_8_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.31  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_191" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 170
   }
}
### Multi-Ring Mk. VIII Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_8_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 13720
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 93 sr_dilithium = 2222 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 11.81 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon fallen_flagship xindi_weapon xindi_planet_killer_degra }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_8_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_8_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_8_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_8_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_8_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.36  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_191" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 170
   }
}
### Multi-Ring Mk. VIII Coleopteric Warp Engine Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_RING_8_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_ring_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 18290
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 124 sr_dilithium = 2962 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 15.74 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @ring_8_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @ring_8_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @ring_8_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @ring_8_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @ring_8_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.41 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_191" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 170
   }
}

### Artificial Singularity Core Type-1  - First Romulan engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_1_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 135
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 5 sr_dilithium = 16 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.21 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer xcv330 }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_2_A"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.01  }
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_1_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_artificial_70" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Artificial Singularity Core Type-2  - First Romulan engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_1_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 130
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 7 sr_dilithium = 21 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.28 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead miradorn_raider shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_shuttlepod fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion fed_attack_wing_nx_beta }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_2_B"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.01  }
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_1_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_artificial_70" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Artificial Singularity Core Type-3  - First Romulan engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_1_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 180
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 9 sr_dilithium = 28 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.36 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_emette kdf_bop_borghel kdf_bop_blasrika rom_bop_rea rom_hero_ship_mimicus borg_probe corvette fed_scout_freedom fed_scout_malachowski fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_frigate_discovery fed_scout_akyazi }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_2_C"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.01  }
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_1_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_artificial_70" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Artificial Singularity Core Type-4  - First Romulan engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_1_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 240
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 12 sr_dilithium = 37 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.48 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_carrier_sarajevo fed_carrier_minuteman fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_strike_ship_grethor kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_qoj rom_bop_stanet borg_scout bajoran_lightship yridian_destroyer klingon_houses_raptor_qoj undine_01_bio_frigate }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_2_D"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.02  }
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_1_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_artificial_70" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Artificial Singularity Core Type-5  - First Romulan engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_1_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 310
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 16 sr_dilithium = 49 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.64 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_light_cruiser_intrepid_type fed_explorer_nx fed_mmv_poseidon fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_somraw kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_jorek rom_interceptor_tvaro rom_interceptor_arrenhe saber destroyer fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raptor_somraw klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_heavy_cruiser_yorktown fed_frigate_galen }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_2_E"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.02  }
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_1_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_artificial_70" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Artificial Singularity Core Type-6  - First Romulan engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_1_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 420
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 21 sr_dilithium = 65 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.86 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_bonaventure fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_explorer_hoover kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_arhael rom_interceptor_tliss ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant fed_carrier_engle }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_2_F"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.02  }
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_1_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_artificial_70" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Artificial Singularity Core Type-7  - First Romulan engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_1_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 560
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 28 sr_dilithium = 87 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.14 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz kdf_raptor_jev kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_tellus strike promellian_battlecruiser klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_2_G"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.02  }
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_1_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_artificial_70" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Artificial Singularity Core Type-8  - First Romulan engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_1_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 750
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 37 sr_dilithium = 116 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.52 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_stasek rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner battleship amarie_cruiser la_sirena klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_2_H"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.02  }
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_1_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_artificial_70" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Artificial Singularity Core Type-9  - First Romulan engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_1_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 990
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 49 sr_dilithium = 154 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 2.02 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_hero_ship_constitution fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser cruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_2_I"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.03  }
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_1_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_artificial_70" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Artificial Singularity Core Type-10  - First Romulan engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_1_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1320
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 65 sr_dilithium = 205 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 2.7 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus borg_pyramid fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha undine_01_bio_destroyer fed_carrier_ptolomy fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_2_J"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.03  }
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_1_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_artificial_70" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Artificial Singularity Core Type-12  - First Romulan engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_1_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1770
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 87 sr_dilithium = 273 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 3.59 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  borg_sphere undine_01_bio_ship fallen_interdictor fallen_attack adv_cruiser titan fed_exploration_cruiser_federation cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian undine_01_bio_cruiser fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_2_K"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.03  }
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_1_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_artificial_70" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Artificial Singularity Core Type-14  - First Romulan engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_1_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2350
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 115 sr_dilithium = 364 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 4.79 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak borg_diamond assault_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar undine_01_bio_raider fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_2_L"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.04  }
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_1_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_artificial_70" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}

### Artificial Singularity Core Type-18  - First Romulan engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_1_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 4180
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 205 sr_dilithium = 647 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 8.51 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon borg_tactical undine_01_bio_behemoth fallen_flagship xindi_weapon undine_01_bio_warship xindi_planet_killer_degra }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_2_N"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.05  }
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_1_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_artificial_70" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Artificial Singularity Core Type-20  - First Romulan engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_1_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 5570
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 272 sr_dilithium = 862 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 11.34 }
   }
   size_restriction = { super_cube man_war colossus undine_01_bio_vanquisher time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_2_O"
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.06  }
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_1_winddown
	}
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_artificial_70" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}

### Artificial Micro-Singularity Core II Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_2_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 150
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 5 sr_dilithium = 18 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.23 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science civ_raven constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer xcv330 }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_3_A"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_2_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.02  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_applied_75" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 110
   }
}
### Artificial Micro-Singularity Core II Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_2_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 170
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 7 sr_dilithium = 24 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.31 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead miradorn_raider shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_shuttlepod fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion fed_attack_wing_nx_beta }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_3_B"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_2_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.02  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_applied_75" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 110
   }
}
### Artificial Micro-Singularity Core II Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_2_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 220
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 9 sr_dilithium = 32 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.4 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_emette kdf_bop_borghel kdf_bop_blasrika rom_bop_rea rom_hero_ship_mimicus corvette fed_scout_freedom fed_scout_malachowski fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_frigate_discovery fed_scout_akyazi }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_3_C"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_2_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.02  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_applied_75" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 110
   }
}
### Artificial Micro-Singularity Core II Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_2_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 300
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 12 sr_dilithium = 42 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.54 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_carrier_sarajevo fed_carrier_minuteman fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_strike_ship_grethor kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_qoj rom_bop_stanet bajoran_lightship yridian_destroyer klingon_houses_raptor_qoj }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_3_D"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_2_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.02  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_applied_75" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 110
   }
}
### Artificial Micro-Singularity Core II Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_2_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 400
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 16 sr_dilithium = 56 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.72 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_light_cruiser_intrepid_type fed_explorer_nx fed_mmv_poseidon fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_somraw kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_jorek rom_interceptor_tvaro rom_interceptor_arrenhe saber destroyer fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raptor_somraw klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_heavy_cruiser_yorktown fed_frigate_galen }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_3_E"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_2_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.03  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_applied_75" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 110
   }
}
### Artificial Micro-Singularity Core II Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_2_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 530
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 21 sr_dilithium = 74 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.95 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_bonaventure fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_explorer_hoover kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_arhael rom_interceptor_tliss ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant fed_carrier_engle }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_3_F"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_2_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.03  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_applied_75" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 110
   }
}
### Artificial Micro-Singularity Core II Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_2_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 710
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 28 sr_dilithium = 99 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.27 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz kdf_raptor_jev kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_tellus strike promellian_battlecruiser klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_3_G"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_2_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.03  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_applied_75" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 110
   }
}
### Artificial Micro-Singularity Core II Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_2_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 940
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 38 sr_dilithium = 132 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.69 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_stasek rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner battleship amarie_cruiser la_sirena klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_3_H"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_2_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.04  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_applied_75" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 110
   }
}
### Artificial Micro-Singularity Core II Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_2_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1250
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 50 sr_dilithium = 176 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 2.25 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_hero_ship_constitution fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser cruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_3_I"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_2_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.04  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_applied_75" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 110
   }
}
### Artificial Micro-Singularity Core II Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_2_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1670
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 66 sr_dilithium = 234 }
      upkeep = { sr_dilithium = 3 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_ptolomy fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_3_J"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_2_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.05  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_applied_75" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 110
   }
}
### Artificial Micro-Singularity Core II Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_2_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2230
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 88 sr_dilithium = 312 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 3.99 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  fallen_interdictor fallen_attack adv_cruiser titan fed_exploration_cruiser_federation cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_3_K"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_2_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.05  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_applied_75" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 110
   }
}
### Artificial Micro-Singularity Core II Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_2_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2970
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 117 sr_dilithium = 415 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 5.32 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak assault_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_3_L"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_2_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.06  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_applied_75" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 110
   }
}
### Artificial Micro-Singularity Core II Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_2_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 3960
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 156 sr_dilithium = 553 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 7.09 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_assault super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_3_M"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_2_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.07  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_applied_75" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 110
   }
}
### Artificial Micro-Singularity Core II Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_2_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 5270
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 208 sr_dilithium = 737 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 9.45 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon fallen_flagship xindi_weapon xindi_planet_killer_degra }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_3_N"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_2_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.08  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_applied_75" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 110
   }
}
### Artificial Micro-Singularity Core II Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_2_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 7030
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 277 sr_dilithium = 983 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 12.59 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war colossus time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_3_O"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_2_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.09  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_applied_75" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 110
   }
}

### Artificial Macro-Singularity Core III Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_3_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 190
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 6 sr_dilithium = 21 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.26 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science civ_raven constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer xcv330 }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_4_A"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.02  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01262" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 120
   }
}
### Artificial Macro-Singularity Core III Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_3_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 200
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 7 sr_dilithium = 28 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.34 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead miradorn_raider shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_shuttlepod fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion fed_attack_wing_nx_beta }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_4_B"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.02  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01262" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 120
   }
}
### Artificial Macro-Singularity Core III Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_3_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 270
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 9 sr_dilithium = 36 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.45 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_emette kdf_bop_borghel kdf_bop_blasrika rom_bop_rea rom_hero_ship_mimicus corvette fed_scout_freedom fed_scout_malachowski fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_frigate_discovery fed_scout_akyazi }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_4_C"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.03  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01262" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 120
   }
}
### Artificial Macro-Singularity Core III Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_3_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 360
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 12 sr_dilithium = 48 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.6 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_carrier_sarajevo fed_carrier_minuteman fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_strike_ship_grethor kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_qoj rom_bop_stanet bajoran_lightship yridian_destroyer klingon_houses_raptor_qoj }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_4_D"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.03  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01262" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 120
   }
}
### Artificial Macro-Singularity Core III Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_3_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 480
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 16 sr_dilithium = 64 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.8 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_light_cruiser_intrepid_type fed_explorer_nx fed_mmv_poseidon fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_somraw kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_jorek rom_interceptor_tvaro rom_interceptor_arrenhe saber destroyer fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raptor_somraw klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_heavy_cruiser_yorktown fed_frigate_galen }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_4_E"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.03  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01262" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 120
   }
}
### Artificial Macro-Singularity Core III Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_3_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 640
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 22 sr_dilithium = 86 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.07 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_bonaventure fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_explorer_hoover kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_arhael rom_interceptor_tliss ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant fed_carrier_engle }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_4_F"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.04  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01262" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 120
   }
}
### Artificial Macro-Singularity Core III Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_3_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 850
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 29 sr_dilithium = 114 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.43 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz kdf_raptor_jev kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_tellus strike promellian_battlecruiser klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_4_G"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.04  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01262" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 120
   }
}
### Artificial Macro-Singularity Core III Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_3_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1130
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 38 sr_dilithium = 152 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.9 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_stasek rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner battleship amarie_cruiser la_sirena klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_4_H"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.05  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01262" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 120
   }
}
### Artificial Macro-Singularity Core III Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_3_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1510
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 51 sr_dilithium = 202 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 2.53 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_hero_ship_constitution fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser cruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_4_I"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.06  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01262" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 120
   }
}
### Artificial Macro-Singularity Core III Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_3_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2020
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 68 sr_dilithium = 270 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 3.37 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_ptolomy fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_4_J"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.07  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01262" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 120
   }
}
### Artificial Macro-Singularity Core III Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_3_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2690
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 90 sr_dilithium = 359 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 4.49 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  fallen_interdictor fallen_attack adv_cruiser titan fed_exploration_cruiser_federation cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_4_K"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.07  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01262" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 120
   }
}
### Artificial Macro-Singularity Core III Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_3_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 3580
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 120 sr_dilithium = 479 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 5.98 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak assault_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_4_L"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.09  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01262" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 120
   }
}
### Artificial Macro-Singularity Core III Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_3_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 4770
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 160 sr_dilithium = 638 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 7.98 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_assault super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_4_M"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.1  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01262" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 120
   }
}
### Artificial Macro-Singularity Core III Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_3_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 6360
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 213 sr_dilithium = 851 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 10.63 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon fallen_flagship xindi_weapon xindi_planet_killer_degra }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_4_N"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.11 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01262" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 120
   }
}
### Artificial Macro-Singularity Core III Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_3_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 8480
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 284 sr_dilithium = 1134 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 14.17 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war colossus time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_4_O"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.13 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01262" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 120
   }
}

### Artificial Thoron-Enriched Singularity Core IV Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_4_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 230
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 5 sr_dilithium = 26 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.3 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science civ_raven constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_5_A"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_4_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_4_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_4_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_4_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_4_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.03  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_singularity_78" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 130
   }
}
### Artificial Thoron-Enriched Singularity Core IV Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_4_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 270
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 7 sr_dilithium = 34 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.4 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead miradorn_raider shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_5_B"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_4_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_4_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_4_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_4_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_4_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.04  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_singularity_78" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 130
   }
}
### Artificial Thoron-Enriched Singularity Core IV Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_4_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 360
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 9 sr_dilithium = 45 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.53 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_emette kdf_bop_blasrika rom_bop_rea rom_hero_ship_mimicus corvette fed_scout_malachowski fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_5_C"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_4_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_4_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_4_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_4_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_4_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.04  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_singularity_78" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 130
   }
}
### Artificial Thoron-Enriched Singularity Core IV Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_4_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 480
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 12 sr_dilithium = 60 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.71 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_carrier_minuteman fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_qoj rom_bop_stanet bajoran_lightship yridian_destroyer klingon_houses_raptor_qoj }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_5_D"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_4_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_4_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_4_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_4_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_4_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.05  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_singularity_78" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 130
   }
}
### Artificial Thoron-Enriched Singularity Core IV Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_4_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 640
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 16 sr_dilithium = 80 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.95 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_explorer_nx fed_mmv_poseidon fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_somraw kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_jorek rom_interceptor_tvaro rom_interceptor_arrenhe saber fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raptor_somraw klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_heavy_cruiser_yorktown fed_frigate_galen }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_5_E"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_4_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_4_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_4_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_4_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_4_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.05  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_singularity_78" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 130
   }
}
### Artificial Thoron-Enriched Singularity Core IV Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_4_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 860
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 21 sr_dilithium = 106 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.26 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_bonaventure fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_explorer_hoover kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_arhael rom_interceptor_tliss ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant fed_carrier_engle }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_5_F"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_4_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_4_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_4_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_4_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_4_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.06  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_singularity_78" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 130
   }
}
### Artificial Thoron-Enriched Singularity Core IV Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_4_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1140
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 27 sr_dilithium = 141 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.68 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz kdf_raptor_jev kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_tellus strike klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_5_G"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_4_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_4_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_4_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_4_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_4_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.07  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_singularity_78" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 130
   }
}
### Artificial Thoron-Enriched Singularity Core IV Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_4_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1520
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 36 sr_dilithium = 188 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 2.24 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_stasek rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner amarie_cruiser la_sirena klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_5_H"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_4_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_4_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_4_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_4_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_4_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.08  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_singularity_78" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 130
   }
}
### Artificial Thoron-Enriched Singularity Core IV Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_4_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2030
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 48 sr_dilithium = 250 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 2.98 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_hero_ship_constitution fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_5_I"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_4_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_4_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_4_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_4_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_4_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.09  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_singularity_78" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 130
   }
}
### Artificial Thoron-Enriched Singularity Core IV Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_4_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2710
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 64 sr_dilithium = 333 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 3.97 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_ptolomy fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_5_J"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_4_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_4_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_4_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_4_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_4_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.1  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_singularity_78" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 130
   }
}
### Artificial Thoron-Enriched Singularity Core IV Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_4_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 3610
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 85 sr_dilithium = 444 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 5.29 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  fallen_interdictor fallen_attack adv_cruiser fed_exploration_cruiser_federation cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_5_K"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_4_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_4_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_4_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_4_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_4_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.11 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_singularity_78" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 130
   }
}
### Artificial Thoron-Enriched Singularity Core IV Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_4_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 4810
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 113 sr_dilithium = 592 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 7.05 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak assault_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_5_L"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_4_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_4_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_4_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_4_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_4_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.13 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_singularity_78" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 130
   }
}
### Artificial Thoron-Enriched Singularity Core IV Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_4_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 6410
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 151 sr_dilithium = 789 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 9.39 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_assault super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_5_M"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_4_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_4_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_4_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_4_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_4_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.15 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_singularity_78" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 130
   }
}
### Artificial Thoron-Enriched Singularity Core IV Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_4_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 8550
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 201 sr_dilithium = 1052 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 12.52 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon fallen_flagship xindi_weapon xindi_planet_killer_degra }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_5_N"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_4_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_4_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_4_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_4_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_4_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.17 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_singularity_78" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 130
   }
}
### Artificial Thoron-Enriched Singularity Core IV Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_4_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 11390
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 267 sr_dilithium = 1402 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 16.69 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_5_O"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_4_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_4_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_4_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_4_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_4_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_singularity_78" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 130
   }
}

### Artificial Quantum Singularity Core V Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_5_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 270
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 5 sr_dilithium = 28 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.33 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science civ_raven constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_6_A"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_5_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_5_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_5_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_5_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_5_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.04  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_singularity_81" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 140
   }
}
### Artificial Quantum Singularity Core V Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_5_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 310
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 6 sr_dilithium = 37 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.43 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead miradorn_raider shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_6_B"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_5_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_5_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_5_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_5_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_5_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.04  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_singularity_81" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 140
   }
}
### Artificial Quantum Singularity Core V Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_5_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 410
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 8 sr_dilithium = 50 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.57 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette fed_scout_malachowski fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_6_C"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_5_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_5_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_5_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_5_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_5_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.05  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_singularity_81" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 140
   }
}
### Artificial Quantum Singularity Core V Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_5_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 540
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 11 sr_dilithium = 66 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.76 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_qoj rom_bop_stanet bajoran_lightship yridian_destroyer klingon_houses_raptor_qoj }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_5_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_5_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_5_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_5_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_5_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.05  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_singularity_81" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 140
   }
}
### Artificial Quantum Singularity Core V Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_5_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 730
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 15 sr_dilithium = 88 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.02 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_bop_brel kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_jorek saber fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_frigate_galen }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_6_E"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_5_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_5_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_5_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_5_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_5_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.06  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_singularity_81" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 140
   }
}
### Artificial Quantum Singularity Core V Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_5_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 970
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 19 sr_dilithium = 117 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.36 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_explorer_hoover kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_arhael rom_interceptor_tliss ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant fed_carrier_engle }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_6_F"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_5_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_5_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_5_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_5_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_5_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.07  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_singularity_81" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 140
   }
}
### Artificial Quantum Singularity Core V Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_5_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1290
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 26 sr_dilithium = 155 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.8 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz kdf_raptor_jev kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_interceptor_tmara strike klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_6_G"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_5_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_5_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_5_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_5_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_5_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.08  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_singularity_81" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 140
   }
}
### Artificial Quantum Singularity Core V Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_5_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1720
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 34 sr_dilithium = 207 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 2.4 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_stasek rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner amarie_cruiser la_sirena klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_6_H"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_5_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_5_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_5_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_5_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_5_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.09  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_singularity_81" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 140
   }
}
### Artificial Quantum Singularity Core V Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_5_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2290
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 45 sr_dilithium = 276 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 3.2 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_hero_ship_constitution fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_6_I"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_5_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_5_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_5_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_5_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_5_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.1  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_singularity_81" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 140
   }
}
### Artificial Quantum Singularity Core V Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_5_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 3050
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 60 sr_dilithium = 367 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 4.27 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_ptolomy fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_6_J"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_5_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_5_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_5_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_5_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_5_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.12 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_singularity_81" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 140
   }
}
### Artificial Quantum Singularity Core V Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_5_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 4070
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 80 sr_dilithium = 489 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 5.69 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  fallen_interdictor fallen_attack adv_cruiser fed_exploration_cruiser_federation cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_6_K"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_5_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_5_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_5_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_5_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_5_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.13 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_singularity_81" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 140
   }
}
### Artificial Quantum Singularity Core V Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_5_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 5420
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 107 sr_dilithium = 652 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 7.58 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak assault_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_6_L"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_5_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_5_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_5_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_5_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_5_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.15 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_singularity_81" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 140
   }
}
### Artificial Quantum Singularity Core V Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_5_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 7230
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 142 sr_dilithium = 869 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 10.1 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_assault super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_6_M"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_5_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_5_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_5_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_5_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_5_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.18 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_singularity_81" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 140
   }
}
### Artificial Quantum Singularity Core V Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_5_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 9640
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 189 sr_dilithium = 1158 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 13.46 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon fallen_flagship xindi_weapon xindi_planet_killer_degra }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_6_N"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_5_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_5_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_5_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_5_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_5_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_singularity_81" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 140
   }
}
### Artificial Quantum Singularity Core V Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_5_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 12840
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 252 sr_dilithium = 1543 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 17.95 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_6_O"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_5_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_5_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_5_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_5_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_5_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.23  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_singularity_81" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 140
   }
}

### Artificial Quantum Singularity Core VI Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_6_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 310
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 4 sr_dilithium = 33 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.37 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science civ_raven constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_7_A"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_6_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_6_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_6_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_6_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_6_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.05  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_169" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Artificial Quantum Singularity Core VI Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_6_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 380
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 5 sr_dilithium = 44 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.49 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_7_B"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_6_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_6_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_6_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_6_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_6_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.05  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_169" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Artificial Quantum Singularity Core VI Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_6_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 500
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 7 sr_dilithium = 59 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.65 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_scout_akyazi }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_7_C"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_6_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_6_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_6_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_6_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_6_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.06  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_169" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}

### Artificial Quantum Singularity Core VI Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_6_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 890
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 12 sr_dilithium = 104 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.16 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger kdf_bop_brel rom_bop_jorek saber fed_frigate_california fed_frigate_galen }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_7_E"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_6_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_6_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_6_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_6_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_6_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.08  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_169" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Artificial Quantum Singularity Core VI Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_6_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1190
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 16 sr_dilithium = 139 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.54 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_saber kdf_bop_pagh rom_bop_arhael ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_7_F"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_6_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_6_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_6_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_6_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_6_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.09  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_169" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Artificial Quantum Singularity Core VI Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_6_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1580
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 21 sr_dilithium = 185 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 2.06 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway kdf_raptor_jev kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath rom_interceptor_tmara strike klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_7_G"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_6_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_6_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_6_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_6_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_6_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.1  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_169" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Artificial Quantum Singularity Core VI Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_6_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2110
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 28 sr_dilithium = 247 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 2.74 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tdair steamrunner la_sirena fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_7_H"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_6_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_6_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_6_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_6_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_6_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.11 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_169" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Artificial Quantum Singularity Core VI Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_6_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2810
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 37 sr_dilithium = 329 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 3.65 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion sovereign exploration_cruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_7_I"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_6_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_6_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_6_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_6_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_6_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.13 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_169" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Artificial Quantum Singularity Core VI Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_6_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 3740
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 49 sr_dilithium = 438 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 4.87 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_7_J"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_6_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_6_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_6_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_6_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_6_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.15 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_169" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Artificial Quantum Singularity Core VI Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_6_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 4990
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 65 sr_dilithium = 584 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 6.48 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  fallen_interdictor fallen_attack adv_cruiser fed_exploration_cruiser_federation cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_7_K"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_6_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_6_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_6_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_6_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_6_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.17 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_169" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Artificial Quantum Singularity Core VI Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_6_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 6650
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 87 sr_dilithium = 778 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 8.64 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak assault_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_7_L"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_6_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_6_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_6_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_6_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_6_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_169" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Artificial Quantum Singularity Core VI Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_6_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 8870
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 116 sr_dilithium = 1037 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 11.52 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_assault super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur kdf_ship_of_the_dead_duj_heg }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_7_M"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_6_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_6_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_6_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_6_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_6_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.23  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_169" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Artificial Quantum Singularity Core VI Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_6_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 11820
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 154 sr_dilithium = 1382 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 15.35 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon fallen_flagship xindi_weapon xindi_planet_killer_degra }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_7_N"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_6_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_6_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_6_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_6_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_6_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.27 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_169" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}
### Artificial Quantum Singularity Core VI Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_6_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 15750
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 205 sr_dilithium = 1842 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 20.46 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_7_O"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_6_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_6_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_6_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_6_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_6_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.31  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_169" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 150
   }
}

### Artificial Quantum Singularity Core VII Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_7_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 350
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 4 sr_dilithium = 37 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.4 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science civ_raven constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_8_A"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_7_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_7_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_7_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_7_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_7_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.05  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_170" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 160
   }
}
### Artificial Quantum Singularity Core VII Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_7_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 410
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 5 sr_dilithium = 49 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.53 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_8_B"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_7_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_7_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_7_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_7_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_7_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.06  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_170" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 160
   }
}
### Artificial Quantum Singularity Core VII Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_7_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 550
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 6 sr_dilithium = 65 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.7 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_8_C"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_7_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_7_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_7_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_7_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_7_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.06  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_170" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 160
   }
}

### Artificial Quantum Singularity Core VII Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_7_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 970
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 10 sr_dilithium = 115 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.25 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_challenger kdf_bop_brel rom_bop_jorek saber fed_frigate_california fed_frigate_galen }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_8_E"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_7_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_7_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_7_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_7_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_7_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.08  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_170" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 160
   }
}
### Artificial Quantum Singularity Core VII Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_7_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1290
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 14 sr_dilithium = 153 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.66 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_saber kdf_bop_pagh rom_bop_arhael ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_8_F"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_7_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_7_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_7_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_7_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_7_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.1  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_170" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 160
   }
}
### Artificial Quantum Singularity Core VII Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_7_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1730
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 18 sr_dilithium = 204 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 2.22 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway kdf_raider_klalath rom_interceptor_tmara strike klingon_houses_raider_klalath }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_8_G"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_7_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_7_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_7_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_7_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_7_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.11 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_170" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 160
   }
}
### Artificial Quantum Singularity Core VII Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_7_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2300
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 24 sr_dilithium = 272 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 2.95 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tdair steamrunner la_sirena }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_8_H"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_7_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_7_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_7_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_7_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_7_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.13 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_170" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 160
   }
}
### Artificial Quantum Singularity Core VII Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_7_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 3070
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 32 sr_dilithium = 362 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 3.93 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_battlecruiser_norgh sovereign exploration_cruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_8_I"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_7_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_7_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_7_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_7_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_7_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.15 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_170" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 160
   }
}
### Artificial Quantum Singularity Core VII Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_7_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 4090
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 42 sr_dilithium = 482 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 5.24 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_valkis fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_8_J"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_7_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_7_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_7_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_7_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_7_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.17 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_170" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 160
   }
}
### Artificial Quantum Singularity Core VII Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_7_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 5450
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 56 sr_dilithium = 642 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 6.98 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  fallen_interdictor fallen_attack adv_cruiser cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_8_K"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_7_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_7_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_7_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_7_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_7_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.19 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_170" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 160
   }
}
### Artificial Quantum Singularity Core VII Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_7_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 7260
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 75 sr_dilithium = 856 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 9.31 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak assault_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_8_L"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_7_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_7_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_7_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_7_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_7_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.22  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_170" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 160
   }
}
### Artificial Quantum Singularity Core VII Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_7_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 9680
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 100 sr_dilithium = 1141 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 12.4 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_assault super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey fed_dreadnought_vengeance cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_8_M"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_7_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_7_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_7_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_7_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_7_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.26  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_170" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 160
   }
}
### Artificial Quantum Singularity Core VII Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_7_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 12910
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 133 sr_dilithium = 1521 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 16.53 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon fallen_flagship xindi_weapon xindi_planet_killer_degra }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_8_N"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_7_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_7_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_7_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_7_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_7_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_170" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 160
   }
}
### Artificial Quantum Singularity Core VII Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_7_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 17210
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 177 sr_dilithium = 2027 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 22.04 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_8_O"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_7_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_7_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_7_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_7_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_7_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.34  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_170" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 160
   }
}

### Artificial Lower-Space Singularity Core VIII Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_8_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 390
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2 sr_dilithium = 43 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.44 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_9_A"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_8_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_8_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_8_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_8_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_8_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.06  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_195" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 170
   }
}
### Artificial Lower-Space Singularity Core VIII Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_8_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 480
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 3 sr_dilithium = 57 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.59 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead shuttle attack_ship fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_9_B"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_8_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_8_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_8_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_8_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_8_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.07  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_195" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 170
   }
}
### Artificial Lower-Space Singularity Core VIII Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_8_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 640
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 4 sr_dilithium = 75 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.78 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_9_C"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_8_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_8_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_8_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_8_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_8_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.08  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_195" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 170
   }
}

### Artificial Lower-Space Singularity Core VIII Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_8_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1140
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 6 sr_dilithium = 134 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.39 }
   }
   size_restriction = { saber fed_frigate_california fed_frigate_galen }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_9_E"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_8_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_8_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_8_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_8_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_8_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.1  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_195" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 170
   }
}
### Artificial Lower-Space Singularity Core VIII Type-6 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_8_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1510
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 8 sr_dilithium = 178 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.85 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_saber kdf_bop_pagh rom_bop_arhael ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_8_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_8_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_8_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_8_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_8_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.12 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_195" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 170
   }
}
### Artificial Lower-Space Singularity Core VIII Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_8_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2020
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 10 sr_dilithium = 237 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 2.47 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway strike }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_9_G"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_8_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_8_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_8_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_8_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_8_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.13 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_195" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 170
   }
}
### Artificial Lower-Space Singularity Core VIII Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_8_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2690
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 14 sr_dilithium = 316 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 3.29 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raider_kvort rom_interceptor_tdair steamrunner la_sirena }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_9_H"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_8_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_8_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_8_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_8_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_8_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.15 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_195" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 170
   }
}
### Artificial Lower-Space Singularity Core VIII Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_8_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 3590
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 18 sr_dilithium = 421 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 4.38 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_raptor_mehadraw sovereign exploration_cruiser fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_dauntless }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_9_I"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_8_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_8_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_8_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_8_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_8_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.18 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_195" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 170
   }
}
### Artificial Lower-Space Singularity Core VIII Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_8_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 4780
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 24 sr_dilithium = 560 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 5.84 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_9_J"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_8_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_8_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_8_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_8_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_8_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_195" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 170
   }
}
### Artificial Lower-Space Singularity Core VIII Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_8_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 6370
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 32 sr_dilithium = 747 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 7.78 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  fallen_interdictor fallen_attack adv_cruiser cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_9_K"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_8_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_8_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_8_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_8_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_8_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.23  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_195" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 170
   }
}
### Artificial Lower-Space Singularity Core VIII Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_8_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 8490
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 42 sr_dilithium = 996 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 10.37 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak assault_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_9_L"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_8_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_8_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_8_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_8_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_8_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.27 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_195" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 170
   }
}
### Artificial Lower-Space Singularity Core VIII Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_8_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 11320
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 56 sr_dilithium = 1327 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 13.82 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike fallen_assault super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_9_M"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_8_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_8_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_8_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_8_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_8_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.31  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_195" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 170
   }
}
### Artificial Lower-Space Singularity Core VIII Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_8_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 15090
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 74 sr_dilithium = 1769 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 18.42 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon fallen_flagship xindi_weapon xindi_planet_killer_degra }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_9_N"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_8_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_8_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_8_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_8_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_8_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.36  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_195" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 170
   }
}
### Artificial Lower-Space Singularity Core VIII Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_8_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 20120
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 99 sr_dilithium = 2357 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 24.56 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_9_O"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_8_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_8_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_8_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_8_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_8_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.41 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_195" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 170
   }
}

### Artificial Lower-Space Singularity Core X Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_9_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 450
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 1 sr_dilithium = 46 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.47 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_9_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_9_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_9_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_9_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_9_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.06  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14024" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 170
   }
}
### Artificial Lower-Space Singularity Core X Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_9_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 510
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2 sr_dilithium = 61 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.62 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead shuttle attack_ship fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_9_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_9_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_9_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_9_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_9_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.07  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14024" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 170
   }
}
### Artificial Lower-Space Singularity Core X Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_9_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 690
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2 sr_dilithium = 81 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.82 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_9_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_9_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_9_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_9_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_9_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.08  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14024" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 170
   }
}

### Artificial Lower-Space Singularity Core X Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_9_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1220
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 3 sr_dilithium = 143 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.46 }
   }
   size_restriction = { saber fed_frigate_galen }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_9_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_9_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_9_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_9_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_9_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.11 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14024" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 170
   }
}

### Artificial Lower-Space Singularity Core X Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_9_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2160
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 6 sr_dilithium = 254 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 2.59 }
   }
   size_restriction = { strike }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_9_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_9_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_9_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_9_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_9_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.14 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14024" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 170
   }
}
### Artificial Lower-Space Singularity Core X Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_9_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2880
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 7 sr_dilithium = 339 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 3.46 }
   }
   size_restriction = { steamrunner la_sirena }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_9_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_9_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_9_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_9_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_9_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.17 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14024" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 170
   }
}
### Artificial Lower-Space Singularity Core X Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_9_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 3840
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 10 sr_dilithium = 451 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 4.61 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_raptor_mehadraw sovereign exploration_cruiser fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_dauntless }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_9_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_9_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_9_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_9_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_9_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.19 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14024" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 170
   }
}
### Artificial Lower-Space Singularity Core X Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_9_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 5120
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 13 sr_dilithium = 601 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 6.14 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas  fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_9_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_9_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_9_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_9_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_9_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.22  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14024" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 170
   }
}
### Artificial Lower-Space Singularity Core X Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_9_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 6830
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 17 sr_dilithium = 802 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 8.18 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  adv_cruiser cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_9_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_9_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_9_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_9_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_9_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.25  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14024" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 170
   }
}
### Artificial Lower-Space Singularity Core X Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_9_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 9110
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 22 sr_dilithium = 1068 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 10.9 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_vreedex rom_battleship_dkazanak assault_cruiser }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_9_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_9_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_9_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_9_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_9_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.29  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14024" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 170
   }
}
### Artificial Lower-Space Singularity Core X Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_9_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 12140
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 30 sr_dilithium = 1424 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 14.53 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_9_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_9_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_9_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_9_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_9_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.34  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14024" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 170
   }
}
### Artificial Lower-Space Singularity Core X Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_9_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 16180
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 39 sr_dilithium = 1898 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 19.37 }
   }
   size_restriction = { xindi_planet_killer_degra }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_9_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_9_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_9_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_9_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_9_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.39  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14024" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 170
   }
}
### Artificial Lower-Space Singularity Core X Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_SINGULARITY_9_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_singularity_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 21570
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 52 sr_dilithium = 2530 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 25.81 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @singularity_9_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @singularity_9_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @singularity_9_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @singularity_9_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @singularity_9_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.45  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14024" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 170
   }
}

### Transwarp Conduit Type-1  - First borg engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_1_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 240
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 9 sr_dilithium = 33 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.41 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer xcv330 }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_2_A"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_1_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.02  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_transwarp_borg" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Transwarp Conduit Type-2  - First borg engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_1_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 280
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 12 sr_dilithium = 43 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.55 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_borghel_a kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead miradorn_raider shuttle attack_ship fed_shuttle_shuttlepod fed_shuttle_class_c_shuttle fed_shuttle_class_f_shuttle fed_shuttle_type_7_shuttle fed_runabout_danube fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_galileo fed_attack_wing_peregrine fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_daqtagh kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_shuttle_tajen rom_attack_wing_shalimar rom_attack_wing_scorpion fed_attack_wing_nx_beta }
   ftl = yes
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_1_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.03  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_transwarp_borg" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Transwarp Conduit Type-3  - First borg engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_1_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 350
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 16 sr_dilithium = 57 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.72 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_emette kdf_bop_borghel kdf_bop_blasrika rom_bop_rea rom_hero_ship_mimicus borg_probe corvette civ_raven fed_scout_freedom fed_scout_malachowski fed_scout_daedalus fed_scout_oberth fed_scout_olympic fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar fed_scout_freedom_tng fed_frigate_discovery fed_scout_akyazi }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_2_C"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_1_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.03  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_transwarp_borg" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Transwarp Conduit Type-4  - First borg engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_1_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 430
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 21 sr_dilithium = 76 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.96 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_carrier_sarajevo fed_carrier_minuteman fed_frigate_magee fed_frigate_saladin kdf_strike_ship_grethor kdf_bop_homcha kdf_raptor_qoj rom_bop_stanet borg_scout bajoran_lightship yridian_destroyer klingon_houses_raptor_qoj undine_01_bio_frigate }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_2_D"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_1_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.03  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_transwarp_borg" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Transwarp Conduit Type-5  - First borg engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_1_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 540
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 27 sr_dilithium = 102 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.28 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_frigate_akula fed_frigate_challenger fed_light_cruiser_intrepid_type fed_explorer_nx fed_mmv_poseidon fed_hero_ship_nx kdf_bop_brel kdf_raptor_somraw kdf_raider_sech rom_bop_jorek rom_interceptor_tvaro rom_interceptor_arrenhe saber destroyer fed_frigate_california klingon_houses_raptor_somraw klingon_houses_raider_sech fed_heavy_cruiser_yorktown fed_frigate_galen }
   ftl = yes
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_1_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.04  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_transwarp_borg" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Transwarp Conduit Type-6  - First borg engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_1_F"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 680
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 36 sr_dilithium = 135 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.71 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_bonaventure fed_light_cruiser_shepard fed_light_cruiser_saber fed_explorer_hoover kdf_bop_pagh kdf_raptor_d5 kdf_hero_ship_d5 kdf_raider_d6 rom_bop_arhael rom_interceptor_tliss ENT_seleya ENT_kumari fed_light_cruiser_parliament fed_light_cruiser_reliant fed_carrier_engle }
   ftl = yes
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_1_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.04  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_transwarp_borg" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Transwarp Conduit Type-7  - First borg engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_1_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 880
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 48 sr_dilithium = 180 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 2.28 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_talas fed_light_cruiser_t_pol fed_light_cruiser_gral fed_explorer_cardenas fed_explorer_miranda fed_explorer_new_orleans fed_explorer_intrepid_class fed_mmv_norway fed_heavy_cruiser_nimitz kdf_raptor_jev kdf_battlecruiser_d7 kdf_hero_ship_d7 kdf_raider_klalath kdf_battlecruiser_jach rom_interceptor_tmara rom_warbird_tellus strike promellian_battlecruiser klingon_houses_battlecruiser_d7 klingon_houses_raider_klalath klingon_houses_battlecruiser_jach }
   ftl = yes
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_1_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.05  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_transwarp_borg" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Transwarp Conduit Type-8  - First borg engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_1_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1140
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 64 sr_dilithium = 240 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 3.04 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_centaur fed_light_cruiser_steamrunner fed_mmv_walker fed_heavy_cruiser_ares fed_heavy_escort_defiant fed_escort_ship_defiant kdf_raptor_hegh kdf_raider_kvort kdf_battlecruiser_ktinga kdf_warship_jejha kdf_strike_ship_feklhr rom_interceptor_tdair rom_warbird_stasek rom_starbird_tshen steamrunner battleship amarie_cruiser la_sirena klingon_houses_warship_jejha fed_mmv_radiant fed_mmv_loknar fed_mmv_farragut fed_heavy_cruiser_proxima }
   ftl = yes
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_1_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.06  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_transwarp_borg" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Transwarp Conduit Type-9  - First borg engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_1_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1480
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 85 sr_dilithium = 320 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 4.04 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_curry_type fed_light_cruiser_niagara fed_explorer_kiri_kin_tha fed_heavy_cruiser_constitution fed_flagship_constitution fed_heavy_cruiser_shangri_la fed_advanced_cruiser_crossfield fed_hero_ship_crossfield fed_hero_ship_constitution fed_stealth_escort_modin kdf_raptor_mehadraw kdf_battlecruiser_norgh rom_warbird_sharien rom_hero_ship_falchion rom_starbird_debrune rom_shrike_cruiser_decius sovereign exploration_cruiser cruiser fed_explorer_cheyenne fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_carrier_sydney fed_explorer_dauntless fed_stealth_escort_nimrod fed_heavy_cruiser_kelvin_constitution cardassian_01_cruiser_kimal }
   ftl = yes
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_1_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.06  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_transwarp_borg" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Transwarp Conduit Type-10  - First borg engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_1_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1940
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 114 sr_dilithium = 426 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 5.39 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_light_cruiser_kelvin fed_mmv_constellation fed_mmv_akira fed_mmv_sagan fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas fed_hero_ship_excelsior kdf_battlecruiser_vorcha kdf_warship_roj rom_warbird_kanassarum rom_starbird_valkis rom_battleship_praetor rom_battleship_gallant rom_battleship_pontilus borg_pyramid fed_mmv_springfield  klingon_houses_battlecruiser_vorcha undine_01_bio_destroyer fed_carrier_ptolomy fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_2_J"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_1_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.07  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_transwarp_borg" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Transwarp Conduit Type-12  - First borg engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_1_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2560
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 151 sr_dilithium = 568 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 7.18 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_nebula fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  fed_advanced_cruiser_excelsior fed_flagship_excelsior fed_exploration_cruiser_ambassador fed_flagship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_ambassador fed_hero_ship_sovereign fed_hero_ship_odyssey fed_hero_ship_neo_constitution kdf_warship_kvek rom_starbird_kaskara rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  borg_sphere undine_01_bio_ship fallen_interdictor fallen_attack adv_cruiser titan fed_exploration_cruiser_federation cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian undine_01_bio_cruiser fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris fed_heavy_cruiser_achilles fed_heavy_cruiser_sutherland cardassian_01_war_cruiser_ekoor }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_2_K"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_1_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.08  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_transwarp_borg" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Transwarp Conduit Type-14  - First borg engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_1_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 3370
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 201 sr_dilithium = 756 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 9.57 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_galaxy fed_flagship_galaxy fed_hero_ship_galaxy fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_valdore rom_hero_ship_tulwas rom_warbird_vreedex rom_battleship_dderidex rom_battleship_dkazanak borg_diamond assault_cruiser klingon_houses_warship_neghvar undine_01_bio_raider fed_advanced_cruiser_obena fed_advanced_cruiser_duderstadt }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_2_L"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_1_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.1  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_transwarp_borg" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Transwarp Conduit Type-16  - First borg engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_1_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 4460
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 268 sr_dilithium = 1008 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 12.76 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_cube }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_2_M"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_1_winddown
	}
   modifier = { ship_hull_mult = 0.11 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_transwarp_borg" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Transwarp Conduit Type-18  - First borg engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_1_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 5920
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 358 sr_dilithium = 1344 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 17.01 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_mobile_throne_charon borg_tactical undine_01_bio_behemoth fallen_flagship xindi_weapon undine_01_bio_warship xindi_planet_killer_degra }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_2_N"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_1_winddown
	}
   modifier = { ship_hull_mult = 0.13 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_transwarp_borg" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}
### Transwarp Conduit Type-20  - First borg engine
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_1_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 7860
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 476 sr_dilithium = 1791 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 22.67 }
   }
   size_restriction = { super_cube man_war colossus undine_01_bio_vanquisher time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_2_O"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_1_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_1_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_1_winddown
	}
   modifier = { ship_hull_mult = 0.15 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_transwarp_borg" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 100
   }
}

### Transwarp Conduit II Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_2_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 260
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 9 sr_dilithium = 36 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.44 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer xcv330 }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_3_A"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_2_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.03  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_172" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}

### Transwarp Conduit II Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_2_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 390
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 15 sr_dilithium = 64 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.78 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_probe civ_raven }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_3_C"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_2_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.04  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_172" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Transwarp Conduit II Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_2_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 490
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 20 sr_dilithium = 85 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.04 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_scout }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_3_D"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_2_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.04  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_172" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}

### Transwarp Conduit II Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_2_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2290
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 111 sr_dilithium = 473 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 5.84 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_pyramid }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_3_J"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_2_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.09  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_172" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Transwarp Conduit II Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_2_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 3020
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 148 sr_dilithium = 630 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 7.78 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_sphere }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_3_K"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_2_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.1  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_172" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Transwarp Conduit II Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_2_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 3990
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 197 sr_dilithium = 840 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 10.37 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_diamond }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_3_L"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_2_winddown
	}
   modifier = { ship_hull_mult = 0.12 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_172" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Transwarp Conduit II Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_2_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 5280
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 263 sr_dilithium = 1120 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 13.82 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_cube }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_3_M"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_2_winddown
	}
   modifier = { ship_hull_mult = 0.14 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_172" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Transwarp Conduit II Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_2_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 7010
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 350 sr_dilithium = 1492 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 18.42 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_tactical }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_3_N"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_2_winddown
	}
   modifier = { ship_hull_mult = 0.16 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_172" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}
### Transwarp Conduit II Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_2_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_2"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 9310
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 467 sr_dilithium = 1989 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 24.56 }
   }
   size_restriction = { super_cube }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_3_O"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_2_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_2_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_2_winddown
	}
   modifier = { ship_hull_mult = 0.18 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_172" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 500
   }
}

### Transwarp Conduit III Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_3_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 290
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 9 sr_dilithium = 40 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.48 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science civ_raven constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer xcv330 }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_4_A"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.03  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01270" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1000
   }
}

### Transwarp Conduit III Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_3_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 440
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 15 sr_dilithium = 71 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.85 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_probe }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_4_C"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.04  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01270" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1000
   }
}
### Transwarp Conduit III Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_3_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 550
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 20 sr_dilithium = 95 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.14 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_scout }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_4_D"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.05  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01270" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1000
   }
}

### Transwarp Conduit III Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_3_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2630
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 109 sr_dilithium = 528 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 6.36 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_pyramid }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_4_J"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = { ship_hull_mult = 0.11 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01270" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1000
   }
}
### Transwarp Conduit III Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_3_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 3480
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 145 sr_dilithium = 704 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 8.48 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_sphere }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_4_K"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = { ship_hull_mult = 0.12 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01270" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1000
   }
}
### Transwarp Conduit III Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_3_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 4600
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 193 sr_dilithium = 938 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 11.3 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_diamond }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_4_L"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = { ship_hull_mult = 0.14 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01270" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1000
   }
}
### Transwarp Conduit III Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_3_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 6100
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 256 sr_dilithium = 1250 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 15.06 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_cube }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_4_M"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = { ship_hull_mult = 0.16 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01270" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1000
   }
}
### Transwarp Conduit III Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_3_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 8100
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 342 sr_dilithium = 1666 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 20.08 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_tactical }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_4_N"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = { ship_hull_mult = 0.19 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01270" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1000
   }
}
### Transwarp Conduit III Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_3_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_3"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 11660
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 455 sr_dilithium = 2221 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 26.76 }
   }
   size_restriction = { super_cube }
   ftl = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_4_O"
   ship_modifier = {
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_3_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_3_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_3_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.22  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_01270" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 1000
   }
}

### Transwarp Conduit IV Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_4_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 340
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 8 sr_dilithium = 48 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.55 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science civ_raven constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer xcv330 }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_5_A"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_4_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_4_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_4_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_4_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_4_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.04  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_173" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 2000
   }
}

### Transwarp Conduit IV Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_4_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 530
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 13 sr_dilithium = 85 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.97 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_probe }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_5_C"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_4_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_4_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_4_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_4_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_4_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.06  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_173" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 2000
   }
}
### Transwarp Conduit IV Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_4_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 670
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 17 sr_dilithium = 113 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.3 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_scout }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_5_D"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_4_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_4_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_4_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_4_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_4_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.06  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_173" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 2000
   }
}

### Transwarp Conduit IV Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_4_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 3320
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 95 sr_dilithium = 632 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 7.26 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_pyramid }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_5_J"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_4_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_4_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_4_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_4_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_4_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_hull_mult = 0.14 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_173" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 2000
   }
}
### Transwarp Conduit IV Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_4_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 4400
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 126 sr_dilithium = 842 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 9.67 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_sphere }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_5_K"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_4_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_4_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_4_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_4_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_4_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_hull_mult = 0.16 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_173" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 2000
   }
}
### Transwarp Conduit IV Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_4_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 5830
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 168 sr_dilithium = 1122 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 12.89 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_diamond }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_5_L"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_4_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_4_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_4_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_4_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_4_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_hull_mult = 0.19 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_173" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 2000
   }
}
### Transwarp Conduit IV Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_4_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 7740
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 224 sr_dilithium = 1495 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 17.19 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_cube }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_5_M"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_4_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_4_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_4_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_4_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_4_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.22  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_173" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 2000
   }
}
### Transwarp Conduit IV Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_4_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 11180
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 298 sr_dilithium = 1993 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 22.91 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_tactical }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_5_N"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_4_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_4_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_4_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_4_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_4_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.25  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_173" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 2000
   }
}
### Transwarp Conduit IV Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_4_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_4"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 14570
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 397 sr_dilithium = 2657 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 30.54 }
   }
   size_restriction = { super_cube }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_5_O"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_4_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_4_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_4_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_4_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_4_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.29  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_173" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 2000
   }
}

### Transwarp Conduit V Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_5_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 370
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 7 sr_dilithium = 52 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.58 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science civ_raven constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer xcv330 }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_6_A"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_5_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_5_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_5_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_5_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_5_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.05  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_174" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 3000
   }
}

### Transwarp Conduit V Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_5_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 580
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 12 sr_dilithium = 92 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.03 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_probe }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_6_C"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_5_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_5_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_5_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_5_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_5_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.06  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_174" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 3000
   }
}
### Transwarp Conduit V Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_5_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 740
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 16 sr_dilithium = 123 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.38 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_scout }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_6_D"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_5_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_5_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_5_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_5_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_5_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.07  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_174" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 3000
   }
}

### Transwarp Conduit V Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_5_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 3670
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 85 sr_dilithium = 686 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 7.71 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_pyramid }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_6_J"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_5_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_5_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_5_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_5_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_5_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_hull_mult = 0.16 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_174" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 3000
   }
}
### Transwarp Conduit V Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_5_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 4860
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 113 sr_dilithium = 914 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 10.27 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_sphere }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_6_K"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_5_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_5_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_5_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_5_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_5_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_hull_mult = 0.18 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_174" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 3000
   }
}
### Transwarp Conduit V Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_5_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 6440
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 151 sr_dilithium = 1219 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 13.69 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_diamond }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_6_L"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_5_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_5_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_5_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_5_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_5_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.21  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_174" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 3000
   }
}
### Transwarp Conduit V Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_5_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 8560
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 201 sr_dilithium = 1624 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 18.25 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_cube }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_6_M"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_5_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_5_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_5_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_5_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_5_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.24  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_174" }
   valid_for_country = {
      NOT = { has_country_flag = assimilation_cube_country }
   }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 3000
   }
}
### Transwarp Conduit V Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_5_Ma"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 8560
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 201 sr_dilithium = 1624 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 18.25 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_cube }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_6_M"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_5_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_5_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_5_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_5_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_5_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_hull_mult = 0.24  }
   valid_for_country = {
      has_country_flag = assimilation_cube_country
   }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_174" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 3000
   }
}
### Transwarp Conduit V Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_5_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 11370
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 268 sr_dilithium = 2165 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 24.33 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_tactical }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_6_N"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_5_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_5_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_5_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_5_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_5_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.28  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_174" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 3000
   }
}
### Transwarp Conduit V Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_5_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_5"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 15130
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 357 sr_dilithium = 2886 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 32.42 }
   }
   size_restriction = { super_cube }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_6_O"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_5_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_5_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_5_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_5_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_5_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.32  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_174" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 3000
   }
}

### Transwarp Conduit VI Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_6_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 420
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 5 sr_dilithium = 61 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.66 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science civ_raven constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer xcv330 }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_7_A"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_6_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_6_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_6_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_5_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_5_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.06  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_175" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 4000
   }
}

### Transwarp Conduit VI Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_6_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 670
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 9 sr_dilithium = 108 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.16 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_probe }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_7_C"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_6_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_6_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_6_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_6_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_6_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.07  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_175" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 4000
   }
}
### Transwarp Conduit VI Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_6_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 860
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 11 sr_dilithium = 144 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.55 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_scout }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_7_D"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_6_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_6_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_6_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_6_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_6_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.09  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_175" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 4000
   }
}

### Transwarp Conduit VI Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_6_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 4360
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 61 sr_dilithium = 807 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 8.68 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_pyramid }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_7_J"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_6_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_6_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_6_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_6_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_6_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = { ship_hull_mult = 0.19 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_175" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 4000
   }
}
### Transwarp Conduit VI Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_6_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 5780
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 81 sr_dilithium = 1076 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 11.57 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_sphere }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_7_K"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_6_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_6_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_6_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_6_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_6_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.22  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_175" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 4000
   }
}
### Transwarp Conduit VI Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_6_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 7670
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 108 sr_dilithium = 1434 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 15.42 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_diamond }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_7_L"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_6_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_6_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_6_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_6_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_6_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.26  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_175" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 4000
   }
}
### Transwarp Conduit VI Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_6_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 11190
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 144 sr_dilithium = 1911 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 20.55 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_cube }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_7_M"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_6_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_6_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_6_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_6_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_6_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_175" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 4000
   }
}
### Transwarp Conduit VI Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_6_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 13550
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 192 sr_dilithium = 2548 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 27.39 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_tactical }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_7_N"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_6_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_6_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_6_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_6_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_6_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.34  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_175" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 4000
   }
}
### Transwarp Conduit VI Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_6_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_6"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 18130
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 256 sr_dilithium = 3396 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 36.52 }
   }
   size_restriction = { super_cube }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_7_O"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_6_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_6_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_6_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_6_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_6_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.39  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_175" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 4000
   }
}

### Transwarp Conduit VII Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_7_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 450
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 4 sr_dilithium = 66 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.69 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science civ_raven constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer xcv330 }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_8_A"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_7_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_7_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_7_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_7_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_7_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.06  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_176" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 5000
   }
}

### Transwarp Conduit VII Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_7_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 720
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 7 sr_dilithium = 116 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.22 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_probe }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_8_C"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_7_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_7_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_7_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_7_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_7_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.08  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_176" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 5000
   }
}
### Transwarp Conduit VII Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_7_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 920
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 9 sr_dilithium = 155 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.63 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_scout }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_8_D"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_7_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_7_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_7_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_7_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_7_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.09  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_176" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 5000
   }
}

### Transwarp Conduit VII Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_7_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 4710
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 46 sr_dilithium = 867 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 9.13 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_pyramid }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_8_J"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_7_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_7_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_7_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_7_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_7_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.21  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_176" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 5000
   }
}
### Transwarp Conduit VII Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_7_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 6240
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 61 sr_dilithium = 1156 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 12.17 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_sphere }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_8_K"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_7_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_7_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_7_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_7_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_7_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.24  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_176" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 5000
   }
}
### Transwarp Conduit VII Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_7_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 8290
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 82 sr_dilithium = 1541 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 16.22 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_diamond }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_8_L"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_7_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_7_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_7_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_7_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_7_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.28  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_176" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 5000
   }
}
### Transwarp Conduit VII Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_7_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 11110
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 109 sr_dilithium = 2053 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 21.62 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_cube }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_8_M"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_7_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_7_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_7_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_7_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_7_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.32  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_176" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 5000
   }
}
### Transwarp Conduit VII Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_7_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 14640
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 145 sr_dilithium = 2737 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 28.81 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_tactical }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_8_N"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_7_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_7_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_7_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_7_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_7_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.37  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_176" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 5000
   }
}
### Transwarp Conduit VII Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_7_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_7"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 19490
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 192 sr_dilithium = 3648 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 38.4 }
   }
   size_restriction = { super_cube }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_8_O"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_7_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_7_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_7_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_7_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_7_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.43  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_176" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 5000
   }
}

### Interlinked Transwarp Conduit Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_8_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 470
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2 sr_dilithium = 62 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.64 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science civ_raven constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer xcv330 }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_9_A"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_8_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_8_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_8_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_8_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_8_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.07  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_177" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 6000
   }
}

### Interlinked Transwarp Conduit Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_8_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 760
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 4 sr_dilithium = 109 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.12 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_probe }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_9_C"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_8_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_8_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_8_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_8_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_8_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.09  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_177" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 6000
   }
}
### Interlinked Transwarp Conduit Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_8_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 980
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 5 sr_dilithium = 145 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.5 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_scout }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_9_D"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_8_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_8_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_8_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_8_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_8_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.1  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_177" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 6000
   }
}


### Interlinked Transwarp Conduit Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_8_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 5150
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 26 sr_dilithium = 813 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 8.38 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_pyramid }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_9_J"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_8_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_8_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_8_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_8_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_8_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.23  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_177" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 6000
   }
}
### Interlinked Transwarp Conduit Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_8_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 6700
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 34 sr_dilithium = 1084 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 11.17 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_sphere }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_9_K"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_8_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_8_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_8_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_8_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_8_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.26  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_177" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 6000
   }
}
### Interlinked Transwarp Conduit Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_8_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 8900
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 45 sr_dilithium = 1444 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 14.89 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_diamond }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_9_L"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_8_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_8_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_8_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_8_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_8_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_177" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 6000
   }
}
### Interlinked Transwarp Conduit Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_8_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 11830
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 60 sr_dilithium = 1925 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 19.84 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_cube }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_9_M"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_8_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_8_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_8_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_8_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_8_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.35  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_177" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 6000
   }
}
### Interlinked Transwarp Conduit Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_8_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 15740
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 80 sr_dilithium = 2566 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 26.45 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_tactical }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_9_N"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_8_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_8_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_8_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_8_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_8_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_177" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 6000
   }
}
### Interlinked Transwarp Conduit Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_8_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_8"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 20940
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 106 sr_dilithium = 3420 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 35.26 }
   }
   size_restriction = { super_cube }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   upgrades_to = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_9_O"
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_8_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_8_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_8_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_8_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_8_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.46  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_177" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 6000
   }
}

### Multi-Adaptive Transwarp Hub Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_9_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 470
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2 sr_dilithium = 53 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.55 }
   }
   size_restriction = { science civ_raven constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer xcv330 }
   ftl = yes
   #jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_9_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_9_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_9_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_9_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_9_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.07  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14005" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 6000
   }
}

### Multi-Adaptive Transwarp Hub Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_9_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 760
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 3 sr_dilithium = 94 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.96 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_probe }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_9_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_9_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_9_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_9_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_9_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.09  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14005" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 6000
   }
}
### Multi-Adaptive Transwarp Hub Type-4 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_9_D"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 980
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 4 sr_dilithium = 125 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.28 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_scout }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_9_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_9_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_9_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_9_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_9_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.1  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14005" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 6000
   }
}

### Multi-Adaptive Transwarp Hub Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_9_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 5150
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 22 sr_dilithium = 697 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 7.18 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_pyramid }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_9_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_9_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_9_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_9_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_9_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.23  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14005" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 6000
   }
}
### Multi-Adaptive Transwarp Hub Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_9_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 6700
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 29 sr_dilithium = 929 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 9.58 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_sphere }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_9_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_9_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_9_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_9_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_9_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.26  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14005" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 6000
   }
}
### Multi-Adaptive Transwarp Hub Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_9_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 8900
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 39 sr_dilithium = 1238 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 12.76 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_diamond }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_9_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_9_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_9_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_9_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_9_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.3 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14005" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 6000
   }
}
### Multi-Adaptive Transwarp Hub Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_9_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 11830
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 52 sr_dilithium = 1650 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 17.01 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_cube }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_9_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_9_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_9_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_9_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_9_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.35  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14005" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 6000
   }
}
### Multi-Adaptive Transwarp Hub Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_9_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 15740
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 69 sr_dilithium = 2199 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 22.67 }
   }
   size_restriction = { borg_tactical }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_9_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_9_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_9_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_9_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_9_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.4 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14005" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 6000
   }
}
### Multi-Adaptive Transwarp Hub Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_BORG_9_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_borg_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 20940
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 91 sr_dilithium = 2931 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 30.22 }
   }
   size_restriction = { super_cube }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = @borg_9_speed
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_9_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_9_winddown
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = @borg_9_jump_range
      ship_jumpdrive_cooldown_mult = @borg_9_jump_cooldown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_hull_mult = 0.46  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_field_manipulation_14005" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 6000
   }
}

### Temporal Core Jump Drive Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_KRENIM_9_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_krenim_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 270
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2 sr_dilithium = 53 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.55 }
   }
   size_restriction = { constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = 1.5
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = 6
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_9_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_9_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.05  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_17017" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 6000
   }
}
### Temporal Core Jump Drive Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_KRENIM_9_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_krenim_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 360
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 3 sr_dilithium = 70 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.73 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead shuttle attack_ship fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = 1.5
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = 6
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_9_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_9_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.06  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_17017" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 6000
   }
}
### Temporal Core Jump Drive Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_KRENIM_9_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_krenim_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 480
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 3 sr_dilithium = 94 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.96 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette science fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = 1.5
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = 6
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_9_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_9_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.07  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_17017" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 6000
   }
}

### Temporal Core Jump Drive Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_KRENIM_9_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_krenim_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 860
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 6 sr_dilithium = 166 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.71 }
   }
   size_restriction = { saber fed_frigate_galen }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = 1.5
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = 6
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_9_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_9_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.09  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_17017" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 6000
   }
}

### Temporal Core Jump Drive Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_KRENIM_9_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_krenim_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1520
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 10 sr_dilithium = 295 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 3.04 }
   }
   size_restriction = { strike }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = 1.5
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = 6
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_9_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_9_winddown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.12 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_17017" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 6000
   }
}
### Temporal Core Jump Drive Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_KRENIM_9_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_krenim_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2030
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 13 sr_dilithium = 392 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 4.05 }
   }
   size_restriction = { steamrunner la_sirena }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = 1.5
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = 6
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_9_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_9_winddown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.13 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_17017" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 6000
   }
}
### Temporal Core Jump Drive Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_KRENIM_9_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_krenim_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2700
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 17 sr_dilithium = 523 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 5.39 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_raptor_mehadraw sovereign exploration_cruiser fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_dauntless }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = 1.5
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = 6
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_9_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_9_winddown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.15 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_17017" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 6000
   }
}
### Temporal Core Jump Drive Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_KRENIM_9_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_krenim_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 3600
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 22 sr_dilithium = 697 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 7.18 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas  fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = 1.5
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = 6
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_9_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_9_winddown
	}
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.18 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_17017" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 6000
   }
}
### Temporal Core Jump Drive Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_KRENIM_9_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_krenim_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 4800
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 29 sr_dilithium = 929 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 9.58 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  adv_cruiser cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = 1.5
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = 6
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_9_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_9_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_17017" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 6000
   }
}
### Temporal Core Jump Drive Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_KRENIM_9_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_krenim_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 6400
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 39 sr_dilithium = 1238 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 12.76 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_vreedex rom_battleship_dkazanak assault_cruiser }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = 1.5
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = 6
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_9_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_9_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.23  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_17017" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 6000
   }
}
### Temporal Core Jump Drive Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_KRENIM_9_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_krenim_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 8530
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 52 sr_dilithium = 1650 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 17.01 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = 1.5
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = 6
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_9_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_9_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.27 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_17017" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 6000
   }
}
### Temporal Core Jump Drive Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_KRENIM_9_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_krenim_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 11370
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 69 sr_dilithium = 2199 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 22.67 }
   }
   size_restriction = { xindi_planet_killer_degra }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = 1.5
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = 6
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_9_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_9_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.31  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_17017" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 6000
   }
}
### Temporal Core Jump Drive Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_KRENIM_9_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_krenim_9"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 15160
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 91 sr_dilithium = 2931 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 30.22 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_disengage_opportunities_add = 1
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = 1.5
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = 6
		ship_windup_mult = @borg_9_windup
		ship_winddown_mult = @borg_9_winddown
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.36  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_engineering_17017" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 6000
   }
}

### Subspace Corridor Drive Type-1 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_XINDI_1_A"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_xindi_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 270
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 2 sr_dilithium = 53 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.55 }
   }
   size_restriction = { constructor transport colonizer sponsored_colonizer borg_colonizer }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = {
      ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = 1.5
		ship_interstellar_speed_mult = 3.25
	}
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.05  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_17023" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 6000
   }
}
### Subspace Corridor Drive Type-2 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_XINDI_1_B"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_xindi_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 360
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 3 sr_dilithium = 70 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.73 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_gunboat_brel_a rom_shuttle_snakehead shuttle attack_ship fed_runabout_venture fed_shuttle_aquarius fed_attack_wing_gryphon kdf_shuttle_kivra kdf_attack_wing_bop_wing rom_attack_wing_scorpion }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = { ship_interstellar_speed_mult = 3.25 ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = 1.5   }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.06  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_17023" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 6000
   }
}
### Subspace Corridor Drive Type-3 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_XINDI_1_C"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_xindi_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 480
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 3 sr_dilithium = 94 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 0.96 }
   }
   size_restriction = { corvette science fed_scout_nova fed_scout_protostar fed_hero_ship_protostar }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = { ship_interstellar_speed_mult = 3.25 ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = 1.5   }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.07  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_17023" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 6000
   }
}

### Subspace Corridor Drive Type-5 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_XINDI_1_E"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_xindi_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 860
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 6 sr_dilithium = 166 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 1.71 }
   }
   size_restriction = { saber fed_frigate_galen }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = { ship_interstellar_speed_mult = 3.25 ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = 1.5   }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.09  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_17023" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 6000
   }
}

### Subspace Corridor Drive Type-7 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_XINDI_1_G"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_xindi_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 1520
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 10 sr_dilithium = 295 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 3.04 }
   }
   size_restriction = { strike }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = { ship_interstellar_speed_mult = 3.25 ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = 1.5   }
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.12 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_17023" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 6000
   }
}
### Subspace Corridor Drive Type-8 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_XINDI_1_H"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_xindi_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2030
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 13 sr_dilithium = 392 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 4.05 }
   }
   size_restriction = { steamrunner la_sirena }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = { ship_interstellar_speed_mult = 3.25 ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = 1.5   }
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.13 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_17023" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 6000
   }
}
### Subspace Corridor Drive Type-9 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_XINDI_1_I"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_xindi_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 2700
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 17 sr_dilithium = 523 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 5.39 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_raptor_mehadraw sovereign exploration_cruiser fed_explorer_century fed_explorer_lamarr fed_explorer_gagarin fed_explorer_pathfinder fed_explorer_dauntless }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = { ship_interstellar_speed_mult = 3.25 ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = 1.5   }
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.15 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_17023" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 6000
   }
}
### Subspace Corridor Drive Type-10 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_XINDI_1_J"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_xindi_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 3600
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 22 sr_dilithium = 697 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 7.18 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_escort_prometheus fed_stealth_escort_deimos fed_heavy_escort_texas fed_hero_ship_texas  fed_carrier_iwo_jima fed_carrier_samson fed_mobile_carrier_typhon }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = { ship_interstellar_speed_mult = 3.25 ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = 1.5   }
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.18 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_17023" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 6000
   }
}
### Subspace Corridor Drive Type-12 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_XINDI_1_K"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_xindi_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 4800
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 29 sr_dilithium = 929 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 9.58 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_heavy_cruiser_sovereign fed_flagship_sovereign fed_adv_heavy_cruiser_inquiry  rom_shrike_cruiser_vasteme rom_shrike_cruiser_khanakh  adv_cruiser cardassian_01_adv_cruiser_obsidian fed_heavy_cruiser_polaris fed_flagship_polaris }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = { ship_interstellar_speed_mult = 3.25 ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = 1.5   }
   modifier = { ship_shield_mult = 0.2 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_17023" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 6000
   }
}
### Subspace Corridor Drive Type-14 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_XINDI_1_L"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_xindi_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 6400
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 39 sr_dilithium = 1238 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 12.76 }
   }
   size_restriction = { fed_advanced_cruiser_vesta fed_exploration_cruiser_luna fed_exploration_cruiser_neo_constitution fed_flagship_neo_constitution fed_exploration_cruiser_ross cardassian_01_war_cruiser_letau kdf_warship_neghvar kdf_hero_ship_chtang rom_warbird_vreedex rom_battleship_dkazanak assault_cruiser }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = { ship_interstellar_speed_mult = 3.25 ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = 1.5   }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.23  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_17023" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 6000
   }
}
### Subspace Corridor Drive Type-16 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_XINDI_1_M"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_xindi_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 8530
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 52 sr_dilithium = 1650 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 17.01 }
   }
   size_restriction = { kdf_flagship_jehjhong rom_sword_scimitar dom_sword_shrike super_battleship fed_command_cruiser_odyssey fed_flagship_odyssey cardassian_01_weapons_platform_chintoka fed_command_cruiser_excalibur fed_flagship_excalibur }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = { ship_interstellar_speed_mult = 3.25 ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = 1.5   }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.27 }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_17023" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 6000
   }
}
### Subspace Corridor Drive Type-18 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_XINDI_1_N"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_xindi_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 11370
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 69 sr_dilithium = 2199 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 22.67 }
   }
   size_restriction = { xindi_planet_killer_degra }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = { ship_interstellar_speed_mult = 3.25 ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = 1.5   }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.31  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_17023" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 6000
   }
}
### Subspace Corridor Drive Type-20 
utility_component_template = {
   key = "REQUIRED_WARP_XINDI_1_O"
   size = small
   icon = "GFX_ship_part_required_warp_xindi_1"
   icon_frame = 1
   power = 15160
   resources = {
      category = ship_components
      cost = { alloys = 91 sr_dilithium = 2931 }
      upkeep = {  sr_dilithium = 30.22 }
   }
   size_restriction = { man_war time_ship_annorax sona_collector_ahdar }
   ftl = yes
   jumpdrive = yes
   ship_modifier = { ship_interstellar_speed_mult = 3.25 ship_ftl_jumpdrive_range_mult = 1.5   }
   modifier = {    ship_shield_mult = 0.36  }
   prerequisites = { "tech_physics_17023" }
   component_set = "required_warp"
   ai_weight = {
      weight = 6000
   }
}
